http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AandE-East.html  ##  A&E East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBXX-TV.html  ##  WBXX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Mexico.html  ##  TNT MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ir/Press-TV.html  ##  Press TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sat-1-Gold-Deutschland.html  ##  Sat. 1 Gold Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/Waar-TV.html  ##  Waar TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/6ter.html  ##  6ter
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Smart-Spor.html  ##  Smart Spor
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXV-TV.html  ##  WPXV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Japan-Leisure-Channel-687-HD.html  ##  Japan Leisure Channel 687 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRMD-CA.html  ##  WRMD-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-6.html  ##  In Demand Team 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/National-Assembly-TV.html  ##  National Assembly TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCVE-TV.html  ##  WCVE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Universal-Channel-America-Latina.html  ##  Universal Channel AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Asia.html  ##  AMC Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBRL-CA.html  ##  WBRL-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMSB-TV.html  ##  KMSB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CHCH-TV.html  ##  CHCH TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CFTF-TV.html  ##  CFTF TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/Q2.html  ##  Q2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCSC-TV.html  ##  WCSC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Canal-Futura.html  ##  Canal Futura
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Nacional.html  ##  Record Nacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-People.html  ##  Nat Geo People
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sport-1-US.html  ##  Sport 1 US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCTV-TV.html  ##  WCTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Premium-Cinema-Energy.html  ##  Premium Cinema Energy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/DD-National.html  ##  DD National
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WITN-TV.html  ##  WITN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Vox-Austria.html  ##  Vox Austria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-7-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 7 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYOU-TV.html  ##  WYOU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Semerkand-TV.html  ##  Semerkand TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-Classic.html  ##  Zee Classic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/World-Story-HD.html  ##  World Story HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nicktoons-West.html  ##  Nicktoons West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSCE-TV.html  ##  KSCE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hr/CineStar-Premiere-1.html  ##  CineStar Premiere 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-3.html  ##  NRK 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKBN-TV.html  ##  WKBN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSTW-TV.html  ##  KSTW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHOU-TV.html  ##  KHOU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CITL---CTV.html  ##  CITL - CTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/MGM-HD-Deutschland.html  ##  MGM HD Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Comedy-East.html  ##  HBO Comedy East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPBF-TV.html  ##  WPBF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-News.html  ##  BBC News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-1-Australia.html  ##  Fox Sports 1 Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAWB.html  ##  KAWB
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/VG-TV.html  ##  VG TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TVC.html  ##  TVC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWCM-TV.html  ##  KWCM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Wisconsin.html  ##  Fox Sports Wisconsin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Animax-HD-Taiwan.html  ##  Animax HD Taiwan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WECP-LD.html  ##  WECP-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-7.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TV-5-Monde-Pacifique.html  ##  TV 5 Monde Pacifique
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMCI-TV.html  ##  KMCI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KABB-TV.html  ##  KABB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVEA-TV.html  ##  KVEA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Entertainment-Norte.html  ##  BBC Entertainment Norte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Romania.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXL-TV.html  ##  WPXL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Thai.html  ##  Fox Thai
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/RTV-1.html  ##  RTV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTXE-LP.html  ##  KTXE-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNEM-TV.html  ##  WNEM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Futbol.html  ##  Movistar FÃºtbol
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Basse-Normandie.html  ##  France 3 Basse-Normandie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-HD-World-India.html  ##  Discovery HD World India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-N-Life.html  ##  KBS N Life
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Max-7.html  ##  BeIn Sports Max 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTBY-TV.html  ##  KTBY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/PPV-3D-Movies.html  ##  PPV 3D Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Familia.html  ##  Rede FamÃ­lia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-2-UK.html  ##  Sky Sports 2 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Match-Futbol-1.html  ##  Match! Futbol 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Explora.html  ##  Ici Explora
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFMZ-TV.html  ##  WFMZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGEN-TV.html  ##  WGEN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Paramount-Comedy-Russia.html  ##  Paramount Comedy Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FilmBox-Russia.html  ##  FilmBox Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cars-TV.html  ##  Cars TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Sports-3.html  ##  OSN Sports 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNN-Indonesia.html  ##  CNN Indonesia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ve/TLT.html  ##  TLT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLTV-TV.html  ##  WLTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Deutschland.html  ##  Disney Channel Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Extreme-East.html  ##  Showtime Extreme East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNIN-TV.html  ##  KNIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Earth-South-Africa.html  ##  BBC Earth South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSNT-TV.html  ##  KSNT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-World-News-Middle-East.html  ##  BBC World News Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/True-X-Zyte.html  ##  True X-Zyte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJWJ-TV.html  ##  WJWJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Gol-TV.html  ##  Gol TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJAR-TV.html  ##  WJAR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Historia.html  ##  Historia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-5-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 5 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KADN-TV.html  ##  KADN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-1-Ireland.html  ##  Sky 1 Ireland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/OLN.html  ##  OLN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLAE-TV.html  ##  WLAE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFTV-TV.html  ##  WFTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Asia--1.html  ##  FX Asia +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/Mega.html  ##  Mega
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Bollywood-HD.html  ##  Bollywood HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/JTBC.html  ##  JTBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-5-Ireland.html  ##  Sky Sports 5 Ireland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Universal-Channel-UK.html  ##  Universal Channel UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTIC-TV.html  ##  WTIC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Science-Polska.html  ##  Discovery Science Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPSD-TV.html  ##  WPSD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRTV.html  ##  KRTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ch/SRF-Zwei.html  ##  SRF Zwei
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/N24.html  ##  N24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2-Nyhetskanalen.html  ##  TV 2 Nyhetskanalen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rai-Premium.html  ##  Rai Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-Halifax.html  ##  Global TV Halifax
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDCA-TV.html  ##  WDCA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-UHD-2.html  ##  Sky UHD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-UK.html  ##  National Geographic UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/24-Kitchen-Turkiye.html  ##  24 Kitchen TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Bahia-TV-Bahia.html  ##  Rede Bahia TV Bahia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXN-TV.html  ##  KPXN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SpoTV.html  ##  SpoTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Dubai-Sports-HD-2.html  ##  Dubai Sports HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXN-TV.html  ##  WPXN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/J-One.html  ##  J-One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Viki.html  ##  Viki
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Milenio-TV.html  ##  Milenio TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNBC-US-Alternate.html  ##  CNBC US Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-8.html  ##  Sky Sport 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Alsharqiya-News.html  ##  Alsharqiya News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMVU-TV.html  ##  KMVU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRGX-LD.html  ##  WRGX-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUTB-TV.html  ##  WUTB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDSU-TV.html  ##  WDSU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Chinese-Movies-HD-Taiwan.html  ##  Star Chinese Movies HD Taiwan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Donna-and-Sposa.html  ##  Donna & Sposa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-West.html  ##  Lifetime West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRBL.html  ##  WRBL
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAUZ-TV.html  ##  KAUZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTMD-TV.html  ##  KTMD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-East.html  ##  NBC East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/WakuWaku-Japan-Taiwan.html  ##  WakuWaku Japan Taiwan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TeenNick-East.html  ##  TeenNick East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Khuukhdiin-Kino.html  ##  Khuukhdiin Kino
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Cinema-4.html  ##  Cosmote Cinema 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Altitude-2.html  ##  Altitude 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/CBeebies-UK.html  ##  CBeebies UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLFI-TV.html  ##  WLFI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-One-Wales.html  ##  BBC One Wales
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/H2-Brasil.html  ##  H2 Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-17-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 17 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/UniMas-Este.html  ##  UniMÃ¡s Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/City-Vancouver.html  ##  City Vancouver
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/NHK-BS-Premium.html  ##  NHK BS Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Canal---_1.html  ##  Canal + Â»1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRDC-TV.html  ##  WRDC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Live-4.html  ##  C More Live 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/Setanta-Sports-Asia.html  ##  Setanta Sports Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WABI-TV.html  ##  WABI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FS2.html  ##  FS2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-7.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-8.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinemax-West.html  ##  Cinemax West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/BTV.html  ##  BTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pe/Bethel-TV.html  ##  Bethel TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKBD-TV.html  ##  WKBD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies-Box-Office-1.html  ##  OSN Movies Box Office 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-Deportes.html  ##  ESPN Deportes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Ring.html  ##  Ring
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Romedy-Now.html  ##  Romedy Now
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/British-Eurosport-2.html  ##  British Eurosport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AWE.html  ##  AWE
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Abu-Dhabi.html  ##  National Geographic Abu Dhabi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rai-5.html  ##  Rai 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-Marathi.html  ##  Zee Marathi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Comedie--.html  ##  ComÃ©die +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/News-X.html  ##  News X
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVA-TV.html  ##  KTVA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-HD.html  ##  Animal Planet HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Beijing-TV.html  ##  Beijing TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Canal---Family-Polska.html  ##  Canal + Family Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNBC-TV-18.html  ##  CNBC TV 18
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Belgie.html  ##  Eurosport 1 BelgiÃ«
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVD-TV.html  ##  KTVD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Sport-East.html  ##  Viasat Sport East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGFE.html  ##  KGFE
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMAQ-TV.html  ##  WMAQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBFX-LP.html  ##  KBFX-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Premium-Crime.html  ##  Premium Crime
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTLV-TV.html  ##  WTLV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/GSN-West.html  ##  GSN West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Reality-HD.html  ##  Reality HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Italia.html  ##  Disney Channel Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNWO-TV.html  ##  WNWO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTMJ-CA.html  ##  KTMJ-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Modern-Economy.html  ##  Modern Economy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Canal-Sony-Este.html  ##  Canal Sony Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPRC-TV.html  ##  KPRC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFGX-TV.html  ##  WFGX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Polska.html  ##  Discovery Channel Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WROC-TV.html  ##  WROC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLRN-TV.html  ##  KLRN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Asia-Travel.html  ##  Asia Travel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Science-Canada.html  ##  Discovery Science Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-4.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Bayerisches-Fernsehen-Sud.html  ##  Bayerisches Fernsehen SÃ¼d
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVP-1.html  ##  TVP 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTOC-TV.html  ##  WTOC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Norge.html  ##  Fox Norge
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Todo-Noticias.html  ##  Todo Noticias
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWCW-TV.html  ##  WWCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIAT-TV.html  ##  WIAT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-US.html  ##  FX US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Canada.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-Max-India--1.html  ##  Sony Max India +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFNA-TV.html  ##  WFNA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Canada-East.html  ##  Disney Channel Canada East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Golf-Channel-Asia.html  ##  Golf Channel Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Choice.html  ##  ITV Choice
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPIX-TV.html  ##  WPIX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTBS-TV.html  ##  KTBS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRTV-TV.html  ##  WRTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Lig-TV-2.html  ##  Lig TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Mnet-Japan.html  ##  Mnet Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/True-Select.html  ##  True Select
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Rotana-Mousica.html  ##  Rotana Mousica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNJU-TV.html  ##  WNJU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-4.html  ##  Sky Sport 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMPN-TV.html  ##  WMPN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Live-3.html  ##  C More Live 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Indonesia.html  ##  Fox Sports Indonesia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Brasil.html  ##  TV Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-3.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Globo-Pernambuco.html  ##  TV Globo Pernambuco
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDVR-TV.html  ##  KDVR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMEX-TV.html  ##  KMEX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/[DirecTV-info-card].html  ##  [DirecTV info card]
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/TVB-Jade-Malaysia.html  ##  TVB Jade Malaysia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Sinema-TV-Aile.html  ##  Sinema TV Aile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Kix-Malaysia.html  ##  Kix Malaysia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-8.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RecMinas.html  ##  RecMinas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAQY-TV.html  ##  KAQY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPIX-TV.html  ##  KPIX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMOS-TV.html  ##  KMOS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCDT-TV.html  ##  KCDT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mc/TMC-Suisse.html  ##  TMC Suisse
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/0.html  ##  #0
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/UEFA-A.html  ##  UEFA A
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Hungary-and-Czechia.html  ##  National Geographic Hungary & Czechia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SBS-Plus.html  ##  SBS Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTAZ-TV.html  ##  KTAZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cy/BRT-1.html  ##  BRT 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Live-HD.html  ##  MTV Live HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-Drama.html  ##  Yes Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Movies-HD.html  ##  Star Movies HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAMR-TV.html  ##  KAMR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Spektrum-TV.html  ##  Spektrum TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bd/SA-TV.html  ##  SA TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Arabia.html  ##  Nickelodeon Arabia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBC-QueeN.html  ##  MBC QueeN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Liberal.html  ##  Rede Liberal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ligue-Nationale-de-Hockey-1.html  ##  Ligue Nationale de Hockey 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Premiere-FC-1.html  ##  Premiere FC 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/PTS.html  ##  PTS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOBI-TV.html  ##  KOBI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2-Salzburg.html  ##  ORF 2 Salzburg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPNU.html  ##  ESPNU
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Nastoyashcheye-Vremya.html  ##  Nastoyashcheye Vremya
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-Germany.html  ##  Eurosport 2 Germany
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SBS-Sports.html  ##  SBS Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYIN-TV.html  ##  WYIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pe/CMD.html  ##  CMD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RTG-HD.html  ##  RTG HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Trans-TV.html  ##  Trans TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-2-West.html  ##  HBO 2 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Root-Sports-Pittsburgh.html  ##  Root Sports Pittsburgh
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FXX-West.html  ##  FXX West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/Film-Nje-HD.html  ##  Film NjÃ« HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWL-TV.html  ##  WWL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Univision-TDN.html  ##  Univision TDN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-HD-Latin-America.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild HD Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Plus-Brasil.html  ##  HBO Plus Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-RDI.html  ##  Ici RDI
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Deutschland.html  ##  National Geographic Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Berita-Satu-HD.html  ##  Berita Satu HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/SineTivi-Karnaval.html  ##  SineTivi Karnaval
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-Eins.html  ##  ORF Eins
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHAS-TV.html  ##  WHAS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/TVN.html  ##  TVN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Fashion-TV-Asia.html  ##  Fashion TV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBRE-TV.html  ##  WBRE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Bahia-TV-Subae.html  ##  Rede Bahia TV SubaÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Unicable.html  ##  Unicable
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Family-Movies.html  ##  Fox Family Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Paris-Ile-de-France.html  ##  France 3 Paris Ile-de-France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bravo.html  ##  Bravo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/SuperSport-3.html  ##  SuperSport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/W-UK.html  ##  W UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYFX-LP.html  ##  WYFX-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGMB-TV.html  ##  WGMB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-UK.html  ##  Comedy Central UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Anglia-East.html  ##  ITV Anglia East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/5-StarMax.html  ##  5 StarMax
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sun-TV.html  ##  Sun TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-World.html  ##  KBS World
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Syfy-East.html  ##  Syfy East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Telecine-Cult.html  ##  Telecine Cult
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTFK-DT.html  ##  KTFK-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/VH1-Latino-Norte.html  ##  VH1 Latino Norte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-News.html  ##  CCTV News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOAI-TV.html  ##  WOAI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Fashion-TV-Europe.html  ##  Fashion TV Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RBB-Berlin.html  ##  RBB Berlin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLVX-TV.html  ##  KLVX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/PBS-HDTV-East.html  ##  PBS HDTV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-2.html  ##  Yes 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Motor.html  ##  Viasat Motor
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-3.html  ##  Sukachan 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Ent-959.html  ##  Ent! 959
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Estrie.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Estrie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-Variety.html  ##  MBC Variety
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Series.html  ##  Canal + SÃ©ries
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-1.html  ##  Optus Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Nashe-Lyubimoe.html  ##  Nashe Lyubimoe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TV-5-Quebec-Canada-Est.html  ##  TV 5 QuÃ©bec Canada Est
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Daystar-TV.html  ##  Daystar TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-5.html  ##  Sky Sport 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVPX-TV.html  ##  WVPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUPX-TV.html  ##  WUPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Ulke-TV.html  ##  Ãlke TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/PPV-8.html  ##  PPV 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBVO-CD.html  ##  KBVO-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/SBS-NSW.html  ##  SBS NSW
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Plus-Este.html  ##  HBO Plus Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-3-Norge.html  ##  TV 3 Norge
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/H2-Asia.html  ##  H2 Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTV-2.html  ##  VTV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-SuperSport-2.html  ##  Astro SuperSport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTOG-TV.html  ##  WTOG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Junior-Korea.html  ##  Disney Junior Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/NT1-Suisse.html  ##  NT1 Suisse
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPTD-TV.html  ##  WPTD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mc/TMC.html  ##  TMC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-North.html  ##  Fox Sports North
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Jilin-TV-Station.html  ##  Jilin TV Station
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/UCV-TV.html  ##  UCV TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Foot--.html  ##  Foot +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-Daifu.html  ##  CCTV Daifu
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-Max.html  ##  MBC Max
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/SET-India--1.html  ##  SET India +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/GEM-TV.html  ##  GEM TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-US.html  ##  ESPN US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Film-4-UK.html  ##  Film 4 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-UK.html  ##  Lifetime UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Q-TV.html  ##  Q TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/Max.html  ##  Max
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Iskushenie.html  ##  Iskushenie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Film-Action.html  ##  Viasat Film Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-Klub-2-Srbija.html  ##  Sport Klub 2 Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Movies-Vietnam.html  ##  Star Movies Vietnam
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Sport-Mix.html  ##  Sky Sport Mix
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/K--NS.html  ##  K+ NS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1.html  ##  NRK 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSMQ-TV.html  ##  KSMQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/Vuzu-Amp-South-Africa.html  ##  Vuzu Amp South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/RTN-86.html  ##  RTN 86
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/City-Winnipeg.html  ##  City Winnipeg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Star-World-Football.html  ##  Star World Football
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFBD.html  ##  WFBD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSKN-TV.html  ##  KSKN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Canada.html  ##  AMC Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Studio-Universal-Mexico.html  ##  Studio Universal MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Mustika-HD.html  ##  Astro Mustika HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Spiegel-TV-Wissen.html  ##  Spiegel TV Wissen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Business-Breakthrough.html  ##  Business Breakthrough
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-Flames.html  ##  SportsNet Flames
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Brit-Polska.html  ##  BBC Brit Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Chongqing-TV.html  ##  Chongqing TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-TV-HD--1.html  ##  Zee TV HD +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Look-Plus.html  ##  Look Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BT-Sport-3.html  ##  BT Sport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-UK.html  ##  Nickelodeon UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/LaLiga-TV.html  ##  LaLiga TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/ATV.html  ##  ATV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Insight-UHD.html  ##  Insight UHD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/QVC-Plus-US.html  ##  QVC Plus US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTFQ-TV.html  ##  KTFQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bb/Gone-Viral-TV.html  ##  Gone Viral TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Telecine-Fun.html  ##  Telecine Fun
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTOV-TV.html  ##  WTOV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/NHK-World-Premium.html  ##  NHK World Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCIA-TV.html  ##  WCIA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KITV-TV.html  ##  KITV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHUT-TV.html  ##  WHUT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Donga-TV.html  ##  Donga TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Classic.html  ##  MovieSmart Classic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Extreme-Sports-Channel-France.html  ##  Extreme Sports Channel France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TeleToon--.html  ##  TÃ©lÃ©Toon +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-International.html  ##  ESPN International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Jaya-TV.html  ##  Jaya TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNYW-TV.html  ##  WNYW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Unis-TV-Est.html  ##  Unis TV Est
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/KNTV.html  ##  KNTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-South-Asia.html  ##  HBO South Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Ottawa.html  ##  CBC Ottawa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/INSP-East.html  ##  INSP East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Asia.html  ##  National Geographic Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-World-News-Europe.html  ##  BBC World News Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Jalsha-Movies.html  ##  Jalsha Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Picardie.html  ##  France 3 Picardie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMYT-TV.html  ##  WMYT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVVA-TV.html  ##  WVVA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/TVNZ-TV-2.html  ##  TVNZ TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Naaptol.html  ##  Naaptol
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MaxLatino.html  ##  MaxLatino
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Music-Box-Brazil.html  ##  Music Box Brazil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Splash.html  ##  Splash
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Rotana-Masriya.html  ##  Rotana Masriya
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHEC-TV.html  ##  WHEC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mm/Sky-Net-Sports-HD.html  ##  Sky Net Sports HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Prime-Ticket.html  ##  Fox Sports Prime Ticket
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFSM-TV.html  ##  KFSM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Festival.html  ##  Moviemax Festival
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-23.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 23
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Investigation-Discovery-Canada.html  ##  Investigation Discovery Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Goias.html  ##  Record GoiÃ¡s
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Syfy-Espana.html  ##  Syfy EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Encore-East.html  ##  Starz Encore East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Movies-Now.html  ##  Movies Now
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Fest.html  ##  MovieSmart Fest
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tz/Azam-Sports-HD.html  ##  Azam Sports HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-7.html  ##  Sukachan 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/M5.html  ##  M5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCVN-TV.html  ##  WCVN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Max.html  ##  Sky Cinema Max
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-HD-FanZone.html  ##  Sky HD FanZone
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Norte-Fluminense.html  ##  Record Norte Fluminense
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHDF-TV.html  ##  WHDF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTNZ-TV.html  ##  WTNZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/VH1-US.html  ##  VH1 US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-Movie-Network-East.html  ##  Lifetime Movie Network East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Morena-Ponta-Pora.html  ##  TV Morena Ponta PorÃ£
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-1.html  ##  In Demand Team 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2-Sport-Premium-2.html  ##  TV 2 Sport Premium 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSKY-TV.html  ##  WSKY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Signature-West.html  ##  HBO Signature West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Music-On-TV.html  ##  Music On! TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/M6-Boutique.html  ##  M6 Boutique
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/EBC-Financial-News.html  ##  EBC Financial News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Arena.html  ##  Sky Arena
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-International.html  ##  Eurosport 1 International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-2-US.html  ##  ESPN 2 US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Sports-Spirit.html  ##  Sports Spirit
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/lu/SES-Ultra-HD-Demo-Channel.html  ##  SES Ultra HD Demo Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Toronto.html  ##  CTV Toronto
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Mmoney.html  ##  Mmoney
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGVU-TV.html  ##  WGVU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Haberturk.html  ##  HabertÃ¼rk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uy/VTV.html  ##  VTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Earth-Polska.html  ##  BBC Earth Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-2-Deutschland.html  ##  RTL 2 Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sport-1.html  ##  Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKYU-TV.html  ##  WKYU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Esquire-East.html  ##  Esquire East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Angola.html  ##  Record Angola
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-SC.html  ##  RBS TV SC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Dish-Box-Office.html  ##  Dish Box Office
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Russia.html  ##  MTV Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Europa.html  ##  Record Europa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVGN-LP.html  ##  WVGN-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TDN-Mexico.html  ##  TDN MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Morskoi.html  ##  Morskoi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-Drama.html  ##  Abu Dhabi Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CTN.html  ##  CTN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/City-Toronto.html  ##  City Toronto
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Bretagne.html  ##  France 3 Bretagne
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sg/Hits.html  ##  Hits
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/E-TV.html  ##  E TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Telecine-Premium.html  ##  Telecine Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSNW-TV.html  ##  KSNW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SBS-CNBC.html  ##  SBS CNBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-3D.html  ##  Sky 3D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Primafila-13.html  ##  Sky Primafila 13
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/BS-Asahi.html  ##  BS Asahi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Cinemagic-Deutschland.html  ##  Disney Cinemagic Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Multimedios-TV.html  ##  Multimedios TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Reunion.html  ##  Canal + RÃ©union
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Turkmax-gurme.html  ##  Turkmax gurme
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/RTE-2.html  ##  RTÃ 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Signature-Latinoamerica.html  ##  HBO Signature LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXCW-TV.html  ##  WXCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRSU-TV.html  ##  KRSU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Movies-HD-Taiwan.html  ##  Star Movies HD Taiwan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Mountain.html  ##  NBC Mountain
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Jeju-MBC.html  ##  Jeju MBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/TV-3-HD.html  ##  TV 3 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Aljazeera-Channel.html  ##  Aljazeera Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Adult-HD-PPV-Francais-1.html  ##  Adult HD PPV FranÃ§ais 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/Kurdsat-News.html  ##  Kurdsat News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Philippines.html  ##  History Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Globo-Minas.html  ##  TV Globo Minas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSHB-TV.html  ##  KSHB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Go-Asean.html  ##  Go Asean
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOTV-TV.html  ##  WOTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/GEM-Movie.html  ##  GEM Movie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNN-International-Asia-Pacific.html  ##  CNN International Asia Pacific
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-2-Australia.html  ##  ESPN 2 Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXLN-TV.html  ##  KXLN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-HD-Latinoamerica.html  ##  HBO HD LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-2.html  ##  SuperSport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Pearl-TV.html  ##  Pearl TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Boo.html  ##  Boo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Chinese-Movies-HD-South-East-Asia.html  ##  Star Chinese Movies HD South East Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Fuji-TV-One.html  ##  Fuji TV One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMBF-TV.html  ##  WMBF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-UK.html  ##  E! UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-Six.html  ##  Sony Six
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNED-TV.html  ##  WNED-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SBS.html  ##  SBS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXLV-TV.html  ##  WXLV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat-Cafe.html  ##  Polsat CafÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MCM-France.html  ##  MCM France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-Tele-a-la-carte-HD.html  ##  Vu! TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-8.html  ##  NBA League Pass 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAAY-TV.html  ##  WAAY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MASN.html  ##  MASN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ua/Futbol-1.html  ##  Futbol 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-3.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Travel---Adventure.html  ##  Travel + Adventure
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHPM-LD.html  ##  WHPM-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSB-TV.html  ##  WSB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Addik-TV.html  ##  Addik TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMIR-TV.html  ##  KMIR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Greats.html  ##  Sky Cinema Greats
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Nordland.html  ##  NRK 1 Nordland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-People-Asia.html  ##  Nat Geo People Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAZT-CA.html  ##  KAZT-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Family.html  ##  Sky Cinema Family
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Premiere-FC-3.html  ##  Premiere FC 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cm/Afrique-Media.html  ##  Afrique MÃ©dia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEAO-TV.html  ##  WEAO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Tagesschau-24.html  ##  Tagesschau 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Epix-West.html  ##  Epix West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Canal-Sony-Brasil.html  ##  Canal Sony Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Calcio-3.html  ##  Sky Calcio 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNOE-TV.html  ##  KNOE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVN-24-BiS.html  ##  TVN 24 BiS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Nash-Kinoroman.html  ##  Nash Kinoroman
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/M-Net-Movies-Premiere-Africa.html  ##  M-Net Movies Premiere Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/UTV.html  ##  UTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Ya-Hala-Cinema.html  ##  OSN Ya Hala! Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/NDR-Fernsehen-Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.html  ##  NDR Fernsehen Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NCAA-Sports-PPV-6.html  ##  NCAA Sports PPV 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Novasports-4.html  ##  Novasports 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMAE-TV.html  ##  WMAE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Sinema-TV-2.html  ##  Sinema TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/World-Heritage-Channel.html  ##  World Heritage Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Select.html  ##  Sky Cinema Select
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/The-Africa-Channel-US.html  ##  The Africa Channel US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Russia.html  ##  History Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Auto-Motor-und-Sport.html  ##  Auto Motor und Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Classic-Arts-Showcase.html  ##  Classic Arts Showcase
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVL-TV.html  ##  KTVL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/BTV-Action.html  ##  BTV Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/GCI-Channel.html  ##  GCI Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXR-TV.html  ##  WFXR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNBC-TV-18-Prime-HD.html  ##  CNBC TV 18 Prime HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Latin-America.html  ##  National Geographic Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Spike-TV-East.html  ##  Spike TV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/IBA-Channel-1.html  ##  IBA Channel 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXQ-TV.html  ##  WPXQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Gloob.html  ##  Gloob
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Home-Drama-Channel.html  ##  Home Drama Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/BS-Fuji.html  ##  BS Fuji
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDAF-TV.html  ##  KDAF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Shenzhen-Satellite-TV.html  ##  Shenzhen Satellite TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KETA-TV.html  ##  KETA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-3-Sur.html  ##  ESPN 3 Sur
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DMAX-Italia.html  ##  DMAX Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Pasiones-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Pasiones LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Unire-Sat.html  ##  Unire Sat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TVA-Abitibi-Temiscamingue.html  ##  TVA Abitibi-TÃ©miscamingue
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Super-Channel-3.html  ##  Super Channel 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Ostafjells.html  ##  NRK 1 Ãstafjells
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/NTV-News-24.html  ##  NTV News 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/Telecanal.html  ##  Telecanal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Bahia-TV-Santa-Cruz.html  ##  Rede Bahia TV Santa Cruz
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/ERT-HD.html  ##  ERT HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNME-TV.html  ##  KNME-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOLN-KGIN-TV.html  ##  KOLN/KGIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/TV-Joj.html  ##  TV Joj
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-9.html  ##  CCTV 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-5-Australia.html  ##  Fox Sports 5 Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Crime-Portugal.html  ##  Fox Crime Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Barnkanalen.html  ##  Barnkanalen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Santa-Maria.html  ##  RBS TV Santa Maria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Asia.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/DR-3.html  ##  DR 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFVE-TV.html  ##  KFVE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDIV-TV.html  ##  WDIV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Junior-Deutschland.html  ##  Disney Junior Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Super-Tennis.html  ##  Super Tennis
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-2.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPCT-TV.html  ##  WPCT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCWF-TV.html  ##  WCWF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/SWR-Fernsehen-Baden-Wurttemberg.html  ##  SWR Fernsehen Baden-WÃ¼rttemberg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLOX.html  ##  WLOX
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/SBN.html  ##  SBN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHIO-TV.html  ##  WHIO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/NTV-Spor.html  ##  NTV Spor
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nick-Jr-East.html  ##  Nick Jr East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Rubix.html  ##  Rubix
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBFS-TV.html  ##  WBFS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Latin.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Latin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/Canvas.html  ##  Canvas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-History-Polsat.html  ##  Viasat History Polsat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Phoenix-InfoNews-Channel.html  ##  Phoenix InfoNews Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRCG-TV.html  ##  KRCG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Galavision-Este.html  ##  GalavisiÃ³n Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/V-Montreal.html  ##  V MontrÃ©al
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TFO.html  ##  TFO
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Sirina-TV.html  ##  Sirina TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Plus-HD-India.html  ##  Star Plus HD India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Animax-Japan.html  ##  Animax Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-News.html  ##  BeIn Sports News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WeatherNation.html  ##  WeatherNation
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTIU-TV.html  ##  WTIU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRAL-TV.html  ##  WRAL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-21.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 21
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Classics.html  ##  Sky Cinema Classics
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTHR-TV.html  ##  WTHR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSWB-TV.html  ##  WSWB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FilmBox-Turkiye.html  ##  FilmBox TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTAE-TV.html  ##  WTAE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Channel-21.html  ##  Channel 21
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TBN-US.html  ##  TBN US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Chelsea-TV.html  ##  Chelsea TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Quebec.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© QuÃ©bec
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Entermei-Tele.html  ##  Entermei Tele
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Inter-TV-Serramar.html  ##  Inter TV Serramar
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUOK-TV.html  ##  KUOK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Centro.html  ##  Nickelodeon Centro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWTV-TV.html  ##  WWTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central.html  ##  Comedy Central
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FS1-Alternate.html  ##  FS1 Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-Turkiye.html  ##  Boomerang TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Classica-HD.html  ##  Classica HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBIN-TV.html  ##  WBIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WATN-TV.html  ##  WATN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXMI-TV.html  ##  WXMI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Lifestyle-Asia.html  ##  BBC Lifestyle Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bloomberg-TV-Brazil.html  ##  Bloomberg TV Brazil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Family-East.html  ##  Family East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Sports-4.html  ##  OSN Sports 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Yose-Channel.html  ##  Yose Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-DCine.html  ##  Movistar DCine
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SkyGuide.html  ##  SkyGuide
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Network-Alternate.html  ##  NHL Network Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Colors-Bangla.html  ##  Colors Bangla
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAMC-TV.html  ##  KAMC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Network-Alternate.html  ##  MLB Network Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Showcase.html  ##  Showcase
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Drama-H.html  ##  Drama H
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/A-la-une.html  ##  A la une
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Shop-Channel.html  ##  Shop Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-South.html  ##  Fox Sports South
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Variety-One-HD.html  ##  Variety One HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-West.html  ##  FX West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KECY-TV.html  ##  KECY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYCC-TV.html  ##  WYCC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/QVC-Beauty-and-Style.html  ##  QVC Beauty & Style
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TV-5-Monde-Asia.html  ##  TV 5 Monde Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIXE-TV.html  ##  KIXE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Kass-Two.html  ##  Al Kass Two
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Net.html  ##  Net
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUNP-LP.html  ##  KUNP-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Tabi-Channel.html  ##  Tabi Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGPE-TV.html  ##  KGPE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/EBC-News.html  ##  EBC News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Action.html  ##  Moviemax Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-SAB-TV.html  ##  Sony SAB TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSLS-TV.html  ##  WSLS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCBI-TV.html  ##  WCBI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/QVC-Italia.html  ##  QVC Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/ZDF-Neo.html  ##  ZDF Neo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CBN-News.html  ##  CBN News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WABI-DT-2.html  ##  WABI-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinemax-East.html  ##  Cinemax East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLJB-TV.html  ##  KLJB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Rayyan-Satellite-Channel.html  ##  Al Rayyan Satellite Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-RS.html  ##  Band RS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Criciuma.html  ##  RBS TV CriciÃºma
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/ABC-News-24.html  ##  ABC News 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-World-News-Americas.html  ##  BBC World News Americas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Shuang-Xing.html  ##  Astro Shuang Xing
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ir/IRIB-3.html  ##  IRIB 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/M3.html  ##  M3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDAY-TV.html  ##  WDAY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-8.html  ##  In Demand Team 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRDO-TV.html  ##  KRDO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Number-1-TV.html  ##  Number 1 TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTLH-TV.html  ##  WTLH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-First-Comedy.html  ##  OSN First Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CETV-1.html  ##  CETV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Evasion.html  ##  Ãvasion
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Thailand.html  ##  Fox Sports Thailand
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHGI-TV.html  ##  KHGI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBIN-TV.html  ##  KBIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WENH-TV.html  ##  WENH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Warner-TV-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  Warner TV Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Network.html  ##  MLB Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/NS-Homeshopping.html  ##  NS Homeshopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-1.html  ##  Yes 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Al-Arabiya.html  ##  Al Arabiya
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Comedy-TV.html  ##  Comedy TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tm/Altyn-Asyr.html  ##  Altyn Asyr
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Travel-Channel-Europe.html  ##  Travel Channel Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLKN-TV.html  ##  KLKN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/HTVC-Phim.html  ##  HTVC Phim
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/Film-Dy-HD.html  ##  Film Dy HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Asia.html  ##  FX Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uy/Teledoce.html  ##  Teledoce
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVVU-TV.html  ##  KVVU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEET.html  ##  KEET
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFOR-TV.html  ##  KFOR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNTV-TV.html  ##  KNTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/K-.html  ##  K+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNCF-TV.html  ##  WNCF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTHI-DT-2.html  ##  WTHI-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Signature.html  ##  HBO Signature
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSTU-TV.html  ##  KSTU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/LCN.html  ##  LCN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Love-Nature.html  ##  Love Nature
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/RedChoice.html  ##  RedChoice
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Tlum.html  ##  Tlum
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVF-TV.html  ##  KTVF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXII-TV.html  ##  KXII-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/RadX.html  ##  RadX
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Globo.html  ##  Rede Globo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Foxtel-Movies-Romance.html  ##  Foxtel Movies Romance
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-History-Channel-Turkey.html  ##  The History Channel Turkey
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/PPV-10.html  ##  PPV 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGRZ-TV.html  ##  WGRZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ua/112-Ukraina.html  ##  112 UkraÃ¯na
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Kass-Six.html  ##  Al Kass Six
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-12.html  ##  TV 12
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-3-Nigeria.html  ##  SuperSport 3 Nigeria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVX-TV.html  ##  WTVX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKNX-TV.html  ##  WKNX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Oprah-Winfrey-Network-Canada.html  ##  Oprah Winfrey Network Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-TV-Asia-Pacific.html  ##  Zee TV Asia Pacific
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Action-Este.html  ##  Fox Action Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Velocity.html  ##  Discovery Velocity
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-17.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 17
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Zeste.html  ##  Zeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Cable-4K.html  ##  Cable 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/VH1-India.html  ##  VH1 India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Vanillasky-Channel.html  ##  Vanillasky Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Las-Estrellas-Europa.html  ##  Las Estrellas Europa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAWD.html  ##  WAWD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-Deutschland.html  ##  E! Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVAL-TV.html  ##  KVAL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPTH-TV.html  ##  KPTH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSAZ-TV.html  ##  WSAZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-4.html  ##  Sukachan 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-First.html  ##  OSN First
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Serra-Dourada.html  ##  TV Serra Dourada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-3D.html  ##  CCTV 3D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAGT-TV.html  ##  WAGT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/TV-2-Sport.html  ##  TV 2 Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-More-og-Romsdal.html  ##  NRK 1 MÃ¸re og Romsdal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-India.html  ##  Comedy Central India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/HKS-TV.html  ##  HKS TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-4.html  ##  TV 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Quran-TV.html  ##  Quran TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rai-2.html  ##  Rai 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WITF-TV.html  ##  WITF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Rio-Grande-do-Sul.html  ##  Record Rio Grande do Sul
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBUI-TV.html  ##  WBUI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WECT-TV.html  ##  WECT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Canada-2.html  ##  HBO Canada 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Houston.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Houston
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Kids-America-Latina.html  ##  Discovery Kids AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-Klub-1-Crna-Gora.html  ##  Sport Klub 1 Crna Gora
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVD-TV.html  ##  WTVD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/VRAK-TV.html  ##  VRAK TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Asia.html  ##  Disney Channel Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFMB-TV.html  ##  KFMB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Movies-Latin-America.html  ##  Fox Movies Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Amedia-1.html  ##  Amedia 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Italia.html  ##  National Geographic Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHRR-TV.html  ##  KHRR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Perviy-kanal.html  ##  Perviy kanal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-0.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 0
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/Ring-TV.html  ##  Ring TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Latino-Este.html  ##  HBO Latino Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Space-Shower-TV.html  ##  Space Shower TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fi/MTV-Sport-1.html  ##  MTV Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-8.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KONG-TV.html  ##  KONG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HSN-2.html  ##  HSN 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWKB-TV.html  ##  KWKB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYNE-TV.html  ##  KYNE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Epix-3.html  ##  Epix 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Sports-Network-Alternate.html  ##  NBC Sports Network Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Middle-East.html  ##  AMC Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Adult-HD-PPV-English-3.html  ##  Adult HD PPV English 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-US.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/CBBC.html  ##  CBBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVE-TV.html  ##  KTVE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGBA-TV.html  ##  WGBA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/Colours.html  ##  Colours
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Max-5.html  ##  BeIn Sports Max 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/Sport-TV-1.html  ##  Sport TV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAIQ-TV.html  ##  WAIQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOUC-TV.html  ##  WOUC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WESH-TV.html  ##  WESH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Alberta.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Alberta
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNBC-TV.html  ##  WNBC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pk/See-TV.html  ##  See TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVIT-TV.html  ##  WVIT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Spike-TV-West.html  ##  Spike TV West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/EPTV-Sul-de-Minas.html  ##  EPTV Sul de Minas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Madani-TV.html  ##  Madani TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Premiere-4.html  ##  Sky Premiere 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Sorlandet.html  ##  NRK 1 SÃ¸rlandet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUNJ-TV.html  ##  WUNJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Philippines.html  ##  Fox Sports Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFRE-TV.html  ##  KFRE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Nova-Sport-2.html  ##  Nova Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/Sport-TV-2.html  ##  Sport TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Max-2-HD.html  ##  BeIn Max 2 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCOS-TV.html  ##  KCOS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Comedy-East.html  ##  Comedy East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFLX-TV.html  ##  WFLX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-India.html  ##  FX India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/Canal-9.html  ##  Canal 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXEL-TV.html  ##  WXEL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFVX-LP.html  ##  WFVX-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KINT-TV.html  ##  KINT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXM-TV.html  ##  KPXM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/az/CBC-Sport.html  ##  CBC Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-3.html  ##  ITV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTTV-TV.html  ##  WTTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Motorsport-TV.html  ##  Motorsport TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXRM-TV.html  ##  KXRM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Earth-Asia.html  ##  BBC Earth Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFSB-TV.html  ##  WFSB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Inter-TV-Cabugi.html  ##  Inter TV Cabugi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTAJ-TV.html  ##  WTAJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/ABC-1-Queensland.html  ##  ABC 1 Queensland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Decale.html  ##  Canal + DÃ©calÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-EMEA.html  ##  Boomerang EMEA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Florianopolis.html  ##  RBS TV FlorianÃ³polis
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KQTV.html  ##  KQTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Canale-5.html  ##  Canale 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-Klub-1-Srbija.html  ##  Sport Klub 1 Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Russia.html  ##  National Geographic Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WILM-LP.html  ##  WILM-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Universo-Oeste.html  ##  NBC Universo Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-0.html  ##  Sukachan 0
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-3.html  ##  MBC 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Warner-TV-Asia.html  ##  Warner TV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Tru-TV-East.html  ##  Tru TV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCVW-TV.html  ##  WCVW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-5.html  ##  France 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAAL-TV.html  ##  KAAL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTKA-TV.html  ##  KTKA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJET-TV.html  ##  WJET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/SFR-Sport-2.html  ##  SFR Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPGA-TV.html  ##  WPGA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-4.html  ##  ITV 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDBC-TV.html  ##  KDBC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KISU-TV.html  ##  KISU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Haute-Normandie.html  ##  France 3 Haute-Normandie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/NRT-2.html  ##  NRT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSIU-TV.html  ##  WSIU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gq/Asonga-TV.html  ##  Asonga TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTWO-TV.html  ##  KTWO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sun-Sports-Plus.html  ##  Sun Sports Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHDT-CD.html  ##  WHDT-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/Nhac-Cach-Mang.html  ##  Nhac Cach Mang
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Sport-F1-HD.html  ##  Sky Sport F1 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSEE-TV.html  ##  WSEE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-North-Minnesota.html  ##  Fox Sports North Minnesota
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Malaysia.html  ##  HBO Malaysia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Polska.html  ##  Animal Planet Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXTV-TV.html  ##  WXTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Bay-Area.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Bay Area
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Pac-12-Networks.html  ##  Pac-12 Networks
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Paris-Premiere.html  ##  Paris PremiÃ¨re
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/TV-2-Zulu.html  ##  TV 2 Zulu
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Danmark.html  ##  National Geographic Danmark
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTTG-TV.html  ##  WTTG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Moto-GP.html  ##  Movistar Moto GP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ir/Hispan-TV.html  ##  Hispan TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Digi-Sport-1-Romania.html  ##  Digi Sport 1 Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTRF-TV.html  ##  WTRF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Latinoamerica.html  ##  HBO LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Dance-Channel.html  ##  Dance Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Premiere-3.html  ##  Sky Premiere 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TRT-1-Avrupa.html  ##  TRT 1 Avrupa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-World-Japan.html  ##  KBS World Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Melody.html  ##  MÃ©lody
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSBT-TV.html  ##  WSBT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPBT-TV.html  ##  KPBT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVM.html  ##  WTVM
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/YTV.html  ##  YTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bo/Bolivia-TV-72.html  ##  Bolivia TV 7.2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nick-HD-.html  ##  Nick HD+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHTM-TV.html  ##  WHTM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Stadium-2.html  ##  Stadium 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Digi-Sport-1-Hungary.html  ##  Digi Sport 1 Hungary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-10.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVFX-TV.html  ##  WVFX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/Rudaw.html  ##  RÃ»daw
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-East.html  ##  AMC East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Channel-Nine-Melbourne.html  ##  Channel Nine Melbourne
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVNY-TV.html  ##  WVNY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/RTL-4.html  ##  RTL 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Japan.html  ##  Cartoon Network Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Channel-V-International.html  ##  Channel V International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Travel-Channel-East.html  ##  Travel Channel East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Granada.html  ##  ITV Granada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-British-Columbia.html  ##  CBC British Columbia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-3.html  ##  NBA League Pass 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fi/MTV-Max.html  ##  MTV Max
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TVT.html  ##  TVT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fuel-TV.html  ##  Fuel TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Village-Cinemas.html  ##  Village Cinemas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KASW-TV.html  ##  KASW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSCW-TV.html  ##  KSCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-HD-Polska-and-Turkiye.html  ##  BBC HD Polska & TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/SEC-Network.html  ##  SEC Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-5.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Business.html  ##  Fox Business
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Max-6.html  ##  BeIn Sports Max 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOED-TV.html  ##  KOED-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-1000-Comedy-HD.html  ##  TV 1000 Comedy HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-HD-World-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Discovery HD World LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Movies-Extra.html  ##  Sky Movies Extra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Turk.html  ##  MovieSmart TÃ¼rk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/UBC.html  ##  UBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGGB-TV.html  ##  WGGB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRBK-TV.html  ##  KRBK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Real-Time.html  ##  Real Time
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Centric-East.html  ##  Centric East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-HD-World-Australia.html  ##  Discovery HD World Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/Viasat-4.html  ##  Viasat 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Nash-Futbol.html  ##  Nash Futbol
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Combate.html  ##  Combate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNSO-TV.html  ##  KNSO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGCB-TV.html  ##  WGCB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/4K-Sat.html  ##  4K-Sat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/HD1.html  ##  HD1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Be.html  ##  ITV Be
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVS-TV.html  ##  WTVS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/Arena-Sport-2-Hrvatska.html  ##  Arena Sport 2 Hrvatska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/The-Zone.html  ##  The Zone
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Platin.html  ##  MovieSmart Platin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-Max-India.html  ##  Sony Max India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXPI-LD.html  ##  KXPI-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXP-TV.html  ##  WFXP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEHT-TV.html  ##  WEHT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History.html  ##  History
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Physique-TV.html  ##  Physique TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-Crime-Deutschland.html  ##  RTL Crime Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KELO-TV.html  ##  KELO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/UFC-Network.html  ##  UFC Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Golf.html  ##  Movistar Golf
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WADL-TV.html  ##  WADL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGW-TV.html  ##  KGW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Food-TV.html  ##  Food TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCFE-TV.html  ##  WCFE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-AandC.html  ##  Sky A&C
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMC-TV.html  ##  WMC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBBJ-TV.html  ##  WBBJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-1000-Premium-HD.html  ##  TV 1000 Premium HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/FGTV-Sat.html  ##  FGTV Sat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-9.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/M-Net-Movies-Premiere-South-Africa.html  ##  M-Net Movies Premiere South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Junior-East.html  ##  Disney Junior East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FYI-TV-18.html  ##  FYI TV 18
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Sichuan-TV-1.html  ##  Sichuan TV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Ten-Golf-HD.html  ##  Ten Golf HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Classica-Asia.html  ##  Classica Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWES-TV.html  ##  KWES-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Ger-buliin-Kino.html  ##  Ger buliin Kino
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Gala-TV.html  ##  Gala TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/C-Star.html  ##  C Star
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-Regina.html  ##  Global TV Regina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Tele-a-la-carte-3.html  ##  TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRBW-TV.html  ##  WRBW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/Canal-13.html  ##  Canal 13
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-9.html  ##  Optus Sport 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMSN-TV.html  ##  WMSN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Bidda.html  ##  Al Bidda
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCIV-DT-2.html  ##  WCIV-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WACH-TV.html  ##  WACH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLS-TV.html  ##  WLS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/TV-Doma.html  ##  TV Doma
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Fox-8.html  ##  Fox 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Great-American-Country.html  ##  Great American Country
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-East.html  ##  MTV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHQ-TV.html  ##  KHQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXH-TV.html  ##  WPXH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Bibel-TV.html  ##  Bibel TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-HD-Deutschland.html  ##  History HD Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Erox-HD.html  ##  Erox HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Asianet-HD.html  ##  Asianet HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-One.html  ##  BBC One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Espana.html  ##  Fox Life EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/BNN.html  ##  BNN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Cosmopolitan-TV-Espana.html  ##  Cosmopolitan TV EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCTE-TV.html  ##  WCTE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Uno.html  ##  Sky Uno
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEIQ-TV.html  ##  WEIQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/IDJ-TV.html  ##  IDJ TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WISE-TV.html  ##  WISE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/QVC-Deutschland.html  ##  QVC Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/GSN-East.html  ##  GSN East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Racing.html  ##  Fox Sports Racing
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Premium-2.html  ##  MovieSmart Premium 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-News.html  ##  Record News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Quest-Arabiya.html  ##  Quest Arabiya
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Two-Vancouver-Island.html  ##  CTV Two Vancouver Island
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWHY-TV.html  ##  KWHY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Signature-East.html  ##  HBO Signature East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Gemini-TV.html  ##  Gemini TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sg/CinemaWorld.html  ##  CinemaWorld
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-9.html  ##  In Demand Game 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Toku.html  ##  Toku
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MCS-Bien-etre.html  ##  MCS Bien-Ãªtre
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Primafila-5.html  ##  Sky Primafila 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-London.html  ##  ITV London
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Comedy-West.html  ##  HBO Comedy West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTFD-TV.html  ##  KTFD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/ABS-CBN-Sports-Action.html  ##  ABS-CBN Sports+Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hallmark-Movies-and-Mysteries-West.html  ##  Hallmark Movies & Mysteries West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AandE-West.html  ##  A&E West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVER-CA.html  ##  KVER-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/Nhac-Dan-Tog.html  ##  Nhac Dan Tog
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-Klub.html  ##  RTL Klub
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Histoire.html  ##  Histoire
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Ya-Hala-Drama.html  ##  OSN Ya Hala! Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Match-Igra.html  ##  Match! Igra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-1.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Investigation-Discovery-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Investigation Discovery LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Mid-Atlantic-Baltimore.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic Baltimore
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KJTV-CD.html  ##  KJTV-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-1.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJSU-TV.html  ##  WJSU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Wisconsin-Alternate.html  ##  Fox Sports Wisconsin Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Universo.html  ##  NBC Universo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMBH-TV.html  ##  KMBH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TWC-Deportes.html  ##  TWC Deportes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/A-Spor.html  ##  A Spor
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Crime-Turkiye.html  ##  Fox Crime TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-South-East-Asia.html  ##  Cartoon Network South East Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Extreme-Sport-HD.html  ##  Extreme Sport HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWLP-TV.html  ##  WWLP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFWA-TV.html  ##  WFWA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAFB-TV.html  ##  WAFB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMMP-TV.html  ##  WMMP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-Pro-Sports-2.html  ##  MBC Pro Sports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-Klub-3.html  ##  Sport Klub 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEPR-TV.html  ##  KEPR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FightBox-HD.html  ##  FightBox HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Stadium-6.html  ##  Stadium 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/BS-TBS.html  ##  BS-TBS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBAK-TV.html  ##  KBAK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-NGT.html  ##  Rede NGT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTAS-TV.html  ##  KTAS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Planete---AandE.html  ##  PlanÃ¨te + A&E
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Stan-Sport.html  ##  Stan Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Globo-Rio-de-Janeiro.html  ##  TV Globo Rio de Janeiro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/Arena-Sport-3-Hrvatska.html  ##  Arena Sport 3 Hrvatska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime.html  ##  Lifetime
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNBW-DT.html  ##  WNBW-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Golf-Channel-Thailand.html  ##  Golf Channel Thailand
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCNS-TV.html  ##  KCNS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2-Burgenland.html  ##  ORF 2 Burgenland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-4.html  ##  Star Sports 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOFL-TV.html  ##  WOFL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Guizhou-TV.html  ##  Guizhou TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUSM-DT.html  ##  KUSM-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Senal-Institucional.html  ##  SeÃ±al Institucional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Junior-West.html  ##  Disney Junior West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Midnight-Channel.html  ##  Midnight Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Germany.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Germany
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/China-TV.html  ##  China TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXXI-TV.html  ##  WXXI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-4-in-Pubs.html  ##  Sky Sports 4 in Pubs
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Proyecto-40.html  ##  Proyecto 40
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Z-Living-USA.html  ##  Z Living USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-3.html  ##  In Demand Team 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DirecTV-Cinema.html  ##  DirecTV Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDCQ-TV.html  ##  WDCQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-5.html  ##  Showcase HD 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2.html  ##  Eurosport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/RTE-One.html  ##  RTÃ One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXXV-TV.html  ##  KXXV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVJ-TV.html  ##  WTVJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Bridge-TV.html  ##  Bridge TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/Arena-Sport-4-Hrvatska.html  ##  Arena Sport 4 Hrvatska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Gem-TV-Asia.html  ##  Gem TV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHLA-TV.html  ##  WHLA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPNE-TV.html  ##  WPNE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-Australia.html  ##  ESPN Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Northwest-Plus.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Northwest Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/TV-3-Sport-1.html  ##  TV 3 Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBDI-TV.html  ##  KBDI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Las-Estrellas-Mexico.html  ##  Las Estrellas MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXE-TV.html  ##  WPXE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Naaptol-Kannada.html  ##  Naaptol Kannada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVNS-TV.html  ##  WVNS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies-Comedy.html  ##  OSN Movies Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Movies-Select.html  ##  Star Movies Select
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/TBS-News-Bird.html  ##  TBS News Bird
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Canal-Uno.html  ##  Canal Uno
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/British-Eurosport-1.html  ##  British Eurosport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WATE-TV.html  ##  WATE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Bis.html  ##  Bis
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXG-TV.html  ##  WFXG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Lotte-One-TV.html  ##  Lotte One TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Science-Turkiye.html  ##  Discovery Science TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Lorraine.html  ##  France 3 Lorraine
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WICD.html  ##  WICD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Edmonton.html  ##  CBC Edmonton
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBZ-TV.html  ##  WBZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/EuroNews.html  ##  EuroNews
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-9.html  ##  Sukachan 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLJT.html  ##  WLJT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Combos-TV-Discovery.html  ##  Combos TV Discovery
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Women-West.html  ##  Showtime Women West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Pro-Sieben-Maxx-Deutschland.html  ##  Pro Sieben Maxx Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Norge.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Norge
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Crime-Italia.html  ##  Fox Crime Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Prise-2.html  ##  Prise 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-12-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 12 Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Oi-Filmes.html  ##  Oi Filmes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCWG-TV.html  ##  WCWG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-Joy.html  ##  KBS Joy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-RS.html  ##  RBS TV RS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Earth-Nordic.html  ##  BBC Earth Nordic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Paramount-Channel-France.html  ##  Paramount Channel France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Family--1.html  ##  Sky Cinema Family +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/TV-Publica.html  ##  TV PÃºblica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Ani-Lava.html  ##  Ani Lava
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Hungary.html  ##  HBO Hungary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KJLA-TV.html  ##  KJLA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNIT-TV.html  ##  WNIT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIS-TV.html  ##  WIS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNWA-TV.html  ##  KNWA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/GSTV.html  ##  GSTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/DHC-Theater.html  ##  DHC Theater
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bo/Ebo-TV.html  ##  Ebo TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-1-UK.html  ##  Sky 1 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDCW-TV.html  ##  WDCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVW-TV.html  ##  WTVW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-8.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Latin-America.html  ##  Fox Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-Super-TV.html  ##  NRK Super TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKRN-TV.html  ##  WKRN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSBW-TV.html  ##  KSBW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/SporTV-Alternativo.html  ##  SporTV Alternativo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Fujian-South-East-TV.html  ##  Fujian South East TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPTA-TV.html  ##  WPTA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Sport-4.html  ##  Sky Sport 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-France--1.html  ##  Nickelodeon France +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/E4-UK.html  ##  E4 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KERO-TV.html  ##  KERO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGLA-DT.html  ##  KGLA-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Canal-9.html  ##  Canal 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/AT-X.html  ##  AT-X
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-HD-Korea.html  ##  AXN HD Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Gold-Select.html  ##  Star Gold Select
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOSU-TV.html  ##  WOSU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-Kids.html  ##  KBS Kids
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-UHD.html  ##  Sky Sport UHD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNPN-LD.html  ##  KNPN-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mn/SPS-Play.html  ##  SPS Play
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJW-TV.html  ##  WJW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTNH-TV.html  ##  WTNH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/W9-Suisse.html  ##  W9 Suisse
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/BS-11.html  ##  BS 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Dubai-TV.html  ##  Dubai TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/ZooMoo-Latinoamerica.html  ##  ZooMoo LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Deutschland.html  ##  AXN Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVN-TV.html  ##  KTVN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Zone-West.html  ##  HBO Zone West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Cine---Famiz.html  ##  Cine + Famiz
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/Sport-TV-3.html  ##  Sport TV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KETC-TV.html  ##  KETC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-France.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQPX-TV.html  ##  WQPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAWV-TV.html  ##  WAWV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-6.html  ##  Optus Sport 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Hua-Hee-Dai.html  ##  Astro Hua Hee Dai
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Golden.html  ##  Golden
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Zhivaya-Priroda.html  ##  Zhivaya Priroda
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/American-Heroes-Channel-USA.html  ##  American Heroes Channel USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-4.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Max-10.html  ##  BeIn Sports Max 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-2-Brasil.html  ##  Fox Sports 2 Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/9-GEM.html  ##  9 GEM
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-Norge.html  ##  TV Norge
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-ArTV.html  ##  Ici ArTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPNews.html  ##  ESPNews
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/SporTV-3.html  ##  SporTV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-4.html  ##  Cosmote Sport 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Science-and-Vie-TV.html  ##  Science & Vie TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMYS-TV.html  ##  KMYS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Calgary.html  ##  CTV Calgary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHOG-TV.html  ##  KHOG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Super-Channel-4.html  ##  Super Channel 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fuse-East.html  ##  Fuse East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Brasil.html  ##  AMC Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Central-and-Eastern-Europe.html  ##  Cartoon Network Central & Eastern Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/and-pictures-HD.html  ##  & pictures HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-East.html  ##  Starz East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSNS-TV.html  ##  WSNS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/BET-East.html  ##  BET East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/OMNI-Calgary.html  ##  OMNI Calgary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Sports-Network.html  ##  NBC Sports Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Planeta-Futbol-English-soccer.html  ##  Planeta FÃºtbol English soccer
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVLY-DT-2.html  ##  KVLY-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBUW-TV.html  ##  WBUW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Cine---Premier.html  ##  Cine + Premier
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FunBox-4K.html  ##  FunBox 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Outdoor-Channel-International.html  ##  Outdoor Channel International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Latin-America.html  ##  Fox Sports Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Sport-3.html  ##  Sky Sport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/CNTV.html  ##  CNTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/PPV-Event-Pre-Order-2.html  ##  PPV Event Pre-Order 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Rondonia.html  ##  TV RondÃ´nia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/TV-Joj--1.html  ##  TV Joj +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MoreMax-West.html  ##  MoreMax West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WANE-TV.html  ##  WANE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TSN-4.html  ##  TSN 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Cinema-Action.html  ##  Sky Cinema Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEYC-TV.html  ##  KEYC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTAP-TV.html  ##  WTAP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Kinopremyera.html  ##  Kinopremyera
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-3-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 3 Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Epix-2.html  ##  Epix 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-2.html  ##  Sky Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Paulista.html  ##  Record Paulista
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Agrinet.html  ##  Agrinet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-TV-HD.html  ##  Zee TV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Eleven-Extra.html  ##  Eleven Extra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-10.html  ##  Optus Sport 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Amedia-Premium-HD.html  ##  Amedia Premium HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Cottage-Life-TV.html  ##  Cottage Life TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/BC-1.html  ##  BC 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-1.html  ##  Showcase HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-History.html  ##  Viasat History
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MultiSports-3.html  ##  MultiSports 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Midnight-Blue.html  ##  Midnight Blue
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSFX-TV.html  ##  WSFX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCHS-TV.html  ##  WCHS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKLE-TV.html  ##  WKLE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Cine---Classic.html  ##  Cine + Classic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/SVT-1.html  ##  SVT 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Polska.html  ##  TLC Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Malaysia.html  ##  BeIn Sports Malaysia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSVF-LD-2.html  ##  WSVF-LD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIPX-LP.html  ##  WIPX-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fine-Living.html  ##  Fine Living
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYUU-LD.html  ##  KYUU-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPMI-TV.html  ##  WPMI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Channel-Cartoon.html  ##  Channel Cartoon
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/EWTN-US.html  ##  EWTN US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Hifi.html  ##  Hifi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Japan.html  ##  Disney Channel Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJZ-TV.html  ##  WJZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-India.html  ##  Animal Planet India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Family-Brasil.html  ##  HBO Family Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-TV-Canada.html  ##  NBA TV Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLGA.html  ##  WLGA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Ya-Hala.html  ##  OSN Ya Hala!
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-SuperSport-3.html  ##  Astro SuperSport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Argentina.html  ##  Fox Argentina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KZJL-TV.html  ##  KZJL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Crime-Asia.html  ##  Fox Crime Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Explore-Polsat.html  ##  Viasat Explore Polsat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/SBT-Para.html  ##  SBT ParÃ¡
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Fight-Klub.html  ##  Fight Klub
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOCO-TV.html  ##  KOCO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Montreal.html  ##  CBC Montreal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-7.html  ##  Showcase HD 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVN.html  ##  TVN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Comedy.html  ##  Sky Cinema Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/KTV-Sport.html  ##  KTV Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDRB-TV.html  ##  WDRB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Turkey.html  ##  Fox Life Turkey
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Jaakiekko.html  ##  Viasat JÃ¤Ã¤kiekko
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Cinema.html  ##  Fox CinÃ©ma
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Sport-Norge.html  ##  Viasat Sport Norge
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUPL-TV.html  ##  WUPL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFPX-TV.html  ##  KFPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-East.html  ##  HBO East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLTZ.html  ##  WLTZ
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSTP-TV.html  ##  KSTP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGBT-TV.html  ##  KGBT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sky-PerfecTV-4K-Premium.html  ##  Sky PerfecTV 4K Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHBS-DT-2.html  ##  KHBS-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/Kurdistan-24.html  ##  Kurdistan 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-HD-Sports.html  ##  Dish HD Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYIN-TV.html  ##  KYIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-Philippines.html  ##  Disney XD Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Sci-Fi-and-Horror.html  ##  Sky Cinema Sci-Fi & Horror
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMAZ-TV.html  ##  WMAZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-UK.html  ##  TLC UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Elle-Girl.html  ##  Elle Girl
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIPB-TV.html  ##  WIPB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Esporte-Interativo.html  ##  Esporte Interativo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Malaysia.html  ##  Fox Sports Malaysia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGGS-TV.html  ##  WGGS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nikkei-CNBC.html  ##  Nikkei CNBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ua/Telekanal-Ukraina.html  ##  Telekanal Ukraina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rai-4.html  ##  Rai 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Brasil.html  ##  Comedy Central Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-East.html  ##  History East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPCW-TV.html  ##  WPCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-8.html  ##  CCTV 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-3-Australia.html  ##  Fox Sports 3 Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Brasil.html  ##  Fox Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  Discovery Channel Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WZZM-TV.html  ##  WZZM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOLO-TV.html  ##  KOLO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNJB-TV.html  ##  WNJB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Premiere.html  ##  Sky Cinema Premiere
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Home-and-Health-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Discovery Home & Health LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Star-TV.html  ##  Star TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Knowledge.html  ##  Knowledge
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/M-Net-Channel-101.html  ##  M-Net Channel 101
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVOA-TV.html  ##  KVOA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Ostrosyuzhetnoye-Kino-HD.html  ##  Ostrosyuzhetnoye Kino HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/Vier.html  ##  Vier
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Ginger-HD.html  ##  Ginger HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/EI-Maxx.html  ##  EI Maxx
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Kunskapskanalen.html  ##  Kunskapskanalen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Norge.html  ##  TLC Norge
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUVG-TV.html  ##  WUVG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Super-Channel-1.html  ##  Super Channel 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Foxtel-Movies-Premiere.html  ##  Foxtel Movies Premiere
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uy/Monte-Carlo-TV.html  ##  Monte Carlo TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/FEM.html  ##  FEM
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SBS-Golf.html  ##  SBS Golf
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Telecaribe.html  ##  Telecaribe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WABG-TV.html  ##  WABG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-Asia-and-Pacific.html  ##  E! Asia & Pacific
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJXT-TV.html  ##  WJXT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBXH-CA.html  ##  WBXH-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ligue-Nationale-de-Hockey-2.html  ##  Ligue Nationale de Hockey 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ke/Zuku-Sports.html  ##  Zuku Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-3-Asia.html  ##  Fox Sports 3 Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Concert-Channel.html  ##  Concert Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Polska.html  ##  AXN Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Dlife.html  ##  Dlife
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Canal---Polska.html  ##  Canal + Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLUC-DT-2.html  ##  WLUC-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Altitude.html  ##  Altitude
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Minas.html  ##  Record Minas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Mezzo.html  ##  Mezzo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMWC-TV.html  ##  WMWC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/OuterMax.html  ##  OuterMax
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Calgary--1.html  ##  CTV Calgary +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KACV-TV.html  ##  KACV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSKG-TV.html  ##  WSKG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Westcountry-West.html  ##  ITV Westcountry West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Showcase.html  ##  Showtime Showcase
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2-Sport-Premium.html  ##  TV 2 Sport Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-CBS-Extreme.html  ##  RTL CBS Extreme
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHSL-DT-2.html  ##  KHSL-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAEF-TV.html  ##  KAEF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Music-Graffiti-TV.html  ##  Music Graffiti TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSVN-TV.html  ##  WSVN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Japan.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies-Premiere.html  ##  OSN Movies Premiere
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTXH-TV.html  ##  KTXH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-USA.html  ##  BeIn Sports USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/C-SPAN-2.html  ##  C-SPAN 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-US.html  ##  MTV US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Arabic.html  ##  Cartoon Network Arabic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-HD-World-India.html  ##  Animal Planet HD World India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQPT-TV.html  ##  WQPT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Cine---Emotion.html  ##  Cine + Ãmotion
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Showcase-East.html  ##  Showtime Showcase East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDAM-TV.html  ##  WDAM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/la/TV-Lao.html  ##  TV Lao
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/KTV-1.html  ##  KTV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/WDR-Fernsehen-Koln.html  ##  WDR Fernsehen KÃ¶ln
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Turbo-Brasil.html  ##  Discovery Turbo Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Gambero-Rosso-Channel.html  ##  Gambero Rosso Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Tele-a-la-carte-1.html  ##  TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Integracao-Araxa.html  ##  TV IntegraÃ§Ã£o AraxÃ¡
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOOD-TV.html  ##  WOOD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVP-2.html  ##  TVP 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Series-Argentina.html  ##  TNT Series Argentina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TV-Hot.html  ##  TV Hot
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ua/Tonis.html  ##  Tonis
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTHV-TV.html  ##  KTHV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPFO-TV.html  ##  WPFO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVIE-TV.html  ##  KVIE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUSI-TV.html  ##  KUSI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Rio-Preto.html  ##  Record Rio Preto
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Comedia.html  ##  Movistar Comedia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Life-Inspired.html  ##  Life Inspired
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Calcio-8.html  ##  Sky Calcio 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Shorts-HD.html  ##  Shorts HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Languedoc-Roussillon.html  ##  France 3 Languedoc-Roussillon
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVCW-TV.html  ##  KVCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CHC-HD.html  ##  CHC HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rai-3.html  ##  Rai 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-7.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Canada.html  ##  BeIn Sports Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Montreal.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© MontrÃ©al
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-2.html  ##  In Demand Game 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSCV-TV.html  ##  WSCV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Cinema.html  ##  Disney Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Stingray-Brava.html  ##  Stingray Brava
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-4.html  ##  Yes 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eutelsat-4K2.html  ##  Eutelsat 4K2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-8.html  ##  Showcase HD 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Warner-Channel-Oeste.html  ##  Warner Channel Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Gold-India.html  ##  Star Gold India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-3-Central-Europe.html  ##  HBO 3 Central Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Investigation-Discovery-Xtra.html  ##  Investigation Discovery Xtra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dz/Echorouk-TV-News.html  ##  Echorouk TV News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Epic.html  ##  Epic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/TV-Cine-2.html  ##  TV Cine 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Hobby-TV-HD.html  ##  Hobby TV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-France.html  ##  Cartoon Network France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTEN-TV.html  ##  WTEN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Peru.html  ##  Fox PerÃº
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Central-West.html  ##  ITV Central West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAKA-TV.html  ##  WAKA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-3D.html  ##  Sky 3D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-West.html  ##  Disney XD West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-West.html  ##  Fox Sports West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Phoenix.html  ##  Phoenix
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-India.html  ##  TLC India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPSP-CD.html  ##  KPSP-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/SuperSport-7.html  ##  SuperSport 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-West.html  ##  AMC West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Indiana-Alternate.html  ##  Fox Sports Indiana Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Deutschland.html  ##  Fox Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEPB-TV.html  ##  KEPB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TF-1-Suisse.html  ##  TF 1 Suisse
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVRR-TV.html  ##  KVRR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WICU-TV.html  ##  WICU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Kinopokaz-HD-2.html  ##  Kinopokaz HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mm/MRTV-4.html  ##  MRTV 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Showcase.html  ##  Showcase
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DIY-Network-USA.html  ##  DIY Network USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-6.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/zw/Zim-Digital-Sports.html  ##  Zim Digital Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FYI-Asia.html  ##  FYI Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMGT-TV.html  ##  WMGT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/DR-1.html  ##  DR 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Smithsonian-Channel-West.html  ##  Smithsonian Channel West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFXK-TV.html  ##  KFXK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVII-TV.html  ##  KVII-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGTV-TV.html  ##  WGTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Crime-Srbija.html  ##  Fox Crime Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Bourgogne.html  ##  France 3 Bourgogne
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-East.html  ##  Disney XD East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Latinoamerica-Norte.html  ##  Comedy Central LatinoamÃ©rica Norte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-Bahia.html  ##  Band Bahia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-West.html  ##  Discovery Channel West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Hubei-TV.html  ##  Hubei TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/MovieTime.html  ##  MovieTime
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Alpes.html  ##  France 3 Alpes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTLM-TV.html  ##  KTLM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-UK.html  ##  Disney XD UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Corse-Via-Stella.html  ##  France 3 Corse Via Stella
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Kass-Three.html  ##  Al Kass Three
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCOY-TV.html  ##  KCOY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Piwi--.html  ##  Piwi +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/R9.html  ##  R9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Sinema-TV.html  ##  Sinema TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KASA-TV.html  ##  KASA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Life-OK-India.html  ##  Life OK India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-3.html  ##  In Demand Game 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVLT-TV.html  ##  WVLT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Canal-Hollywood-Portugal.html  ##  Canal Hollywood Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOHL-DT-2.html  ##  WOHL-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/NTV-G-.html  ##  NTV G+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-2.html  ##  ITV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/GNT.html  ##  GNT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Premiere-FC-2.html  ##  Premiere FC 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAYU-TV.html  ##  KAYU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2.html  ##  ORF 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/WakuWaku-Japan.html  ##  WakuWaku Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mm/4-Ladies.html  ##  4 Ladies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-2.html  ##  Sukachan 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Chile.html  ##  Fox Life Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Treehouse-TV.html  ##  Treehouse TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Russia.html  ##  Discovery Channel Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Srbija.html  ##  Fox Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/NPO-1.html  ##  NPO 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/Kohavision.html  ##  Kohavision
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSBY-TV.html  ##  KSBY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Super-RTL-Deutschland.html  ##  Super RTL Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-PPV-Movies-HD-496.html  ##  Astro PPV Movies HD 496
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Campagnes-TV.html  ##  Campagnes TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Charlottetown.html  ##  CBC Charlottetown
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/VH1-Latino-HD.html  ##  VH1 Latino HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Liquidation-Channel.html  ##  Liquidation Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-Sverige.html  ##  Eurosport 2 Sverige
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/TAB-Trackside-1.html  ##  TAB Trackside 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJPM-TV.html  ##  WJPM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/BFM-TV.html  ##  BFM TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRCB-TV.html  ##  KRCB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-2.html  ##  NRK 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWBQ-TV.html  ##  KWBQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCAU-TV.html  ##  WCAU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-10.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-News-Arabia.html  ##  Sky News Arabia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJBK-TV.html  ##  WJBK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-Philippines.html  ##  Lifetime Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/WakuWaku-Japan-Indonesia-and-Myanmar.html  ##  WakuWaku Japan Indonesia & Myanmar
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Alhurra-TV-Europe.html  ##  Alhurra TV Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/PTS-HD.html  ##  PTS HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSKA.html  ##  WSKA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Zhejiang-Satellite-TV.html  ##  Zhejiang Satellite TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Middle-East.html  ##  Comedy Central Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Thai-Channel-8.html  ##  Thai Channel 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TBS-East.html  ##  TBS East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Franceinfo.html  ##  Franceinfo:
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Hockey.html  ##  Viasat Hockey
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Calcio-1.html  ##  Sky Calcio 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-Max-Asia.html  ##  Sony Max Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Super-Drama-TV.html  ##  Super! Drama TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-O.html  ##  France Ã
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-Select-HD-2.html  ##  Star Sports Select HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Science-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  Discovery Science Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kp/Korean-Central-TV.html  ##  Korean Central TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/InfoWars.html  ##  InfoWars
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/TAB-Trackside-2.html  ##  TAB Trackside 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBC-Sports--.html  ##  MBC Sports +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCTX-TV.html  ##  WCTX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NCAA-Sports-PPV-7.html  ##  NCAA Sports PPV 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/True-Music.html  ##  True Music
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQCW-TV.html  ##  WQCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Lig-TV-4.html  ##  Lig TV 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Studio-Universal-America-Latina.html  ##  Studio Universal AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAUT-TV.html  ##  KAUT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TCM-US.html  ##  TCM US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WILX-TV.html  ##  WILX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVLY-TV.html  ##  KVLY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Star-Jalsha.html  ##  Star Jalsha
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Canal-F1-Latin-America.html  ##  Canal F1 Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNKY-DT-2.html  ##  WNKY-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Super-Ecran-1.html  ##  Super Ãcran 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/5-Live.html  ##  5 Live
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MC-Play.html  ##  MC Play
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-New-England-Plus.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet New England Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Living-TV.html  ##  Living TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FilmBox-Premium-Czechia.html  ##  FilmBox Premium Czechia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Pets-TV.html  ##  Pets TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/True-Asian.html  ##  True Asian
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/TV-2.html  ##  TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/Cignal-PPV-HD.html  ##  Cignal PPV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Viceland-West.html  ##  Viceland West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Andong-MBC.html  ##  Andong MBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-12.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 12
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFQX-TV.html  ##  WFQX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Comedy-Polska.html  ##  Fox Comedy Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-HD.html  ##  Nickelodeon HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KETZ-DT.html  ##  KETZ-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUTH-DT.html  ##  KUTH-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Scandinavia.html  ##  Animal Planet Scandinavia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Deluxe-Music.html  ##  Deluxe Music
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Network-USA.html  ##  NHL Network USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/The-Cinema.html  ##  The Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Golden-Eagle-Documentary.html  ##  Golden Eagle Documentary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/SBS-SA.html  ##  SBS SA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AandE-Latinoamerica.html  ##  A&E LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Novasports-24-HD.html  ##  Novasports 24 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOMO-TV.html  ##  KOMO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTPX-TV.html  ##  KTPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKRC-TV.html  ##  WKRC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-France.html  ##  E! France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/N-TV.html  ##  N-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGPX-TV.html  ##  KGPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-South-Plus.html  ##  Fox Sports South Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVF-TV.html  ##  WTVF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLOS-TV.html  ##  WLOS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Sunna-TV.html  ##  Sunna TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMYL-LP.html  ##  KMYL-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Canal-Once.html  ##  Canal Once
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Rayyan-Satellite-Channel-2.html  ##  Al Rayyan Satellite Channel 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/and-TV.html  ##  & TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-2-Nederland.html  ##  Fox Sports 2 Nederland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRGV-TV.html  ##  KRGV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Better-Life-Channel.html  ##  Better Life Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Konniy-Mir.html  ##  Konniy Mir
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Aquarium-Channel-Francais.html  ##  Aquarium Channel FranÃ§ais
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMSS-TV.html  ##  KMSS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Japan.html  ##  MTV Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WICZ-TV.html  ##  WICZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Korea.html  ##  Fox Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinecanal-Oeste.html  ##  Cinecanal Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-West.html  ##  Cartoon Network West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TRT-1.html  ##  TRT 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUED-TV.html  ##  KUED-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Globo-Internacional-Europa-Africa.html  ##  TV Globo Internacional Europa/Ãfrica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RPC-TV-Curitiba.html  ##  RPC TV Curitiba
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Russia.html  ##  Fox Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sun-Sports.html  ##  Sun Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCVB-TV.html  ##  WCVB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Wowow-Prime.html  ##  Wowow Prime
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-Canada.html  ##  Lifetime Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/ABC-1-WA.html  ##  ABC 1 WA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-In-Black-East.html  ##  Starz In Black East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pk/Geo-Kahani.html  ##  Geo Kahani
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AandE-Australia.html  ##  A&E Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Latin-America-Este.html  ##  National Geographic Latin America Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPTZ-TV.html  ##  WPTZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Thairath-TV-32.html  ##  Thairath TV 32
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Passion.html  ##  Sky Cinema Passion
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Portugal.html  ##  National Geographic Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Anixe-HD-Serie.html  ##  Anixe HD Serie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Cult.html  ##  Sky Cinema Cult
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Longhorn-Network.html  ##  Longhorn Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Travel-XP-HD.html  ##  Travel XP HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXLA-TV.html  ##  KXLA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Antena-International.html  ##  Antena International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/One.html  ##  One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NESN-Maine.html  ##  NESN Maine
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Azteca-Siete.html  ##  Azteca Siete
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSIN-TV.html  ##  KSIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSDK-TV.html  ##  KSDK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/APTN-East.html  ##  APTN East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Deportes-1.html  ##  Movistar Deportes 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/AMI-TV-East.html  ##  AMI-TV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Sport-Sverige.html  ##  Viasat Sport Sverige
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Brasil.html  ##  Fox Sports Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Aljazeera-Balkans.html  ##  Aljazeera Balkans
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Deportes-2.html  ##  Movistar Deportes 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-Sports-3.html  ##  Abu Dhabi Sports 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-8.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Living-UK.html  ##  Sky Living UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TRT-Spor.html  ##  TRT Spor
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TRT-World.html  ##  TRT World
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEAU-TV.html  ##  WEAU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Greece.html  ##  Fox Greece
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLMB-TV.html  ##  WLMB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinemax-2-Central-Europe.html  ##  Cinemax 2 Central Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-1.html  ##  NBA League Pass 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSBE-TV.html  ##  WSBE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-4-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 4 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Pelotas.html  ##  RBS TV Pelotas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Hits.html  ##  HBO Hits
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Philadelphia.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Philadelphia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/TVE-Star-HD.html  ##  TVE Star HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/om/Oman-TV-Sport.html  ##  Oman TV Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/Canal-Claro.html  ##  Canal Claro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WENY-TV.html  ##  WENY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/Turkmeneli-TV.html  ##  TÃ¼rkmeneli TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIPT-DT.html  ##  KIPT-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sport-South.html  ##  Sport South
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCIU-TV.html  ##  WCIU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/lb/LBC-Sat.html  ##  LBC Sat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMAH-TV.html  ##  WMAH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYZZ-TV.html  ##  WYZZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Canada.html  ##  FX Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-13.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 13
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/GEM-Family.html  ##  GEM Family
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/Setanta-Sport-Georgia.html  ##  Setanta Sport Georgia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Smithsonian-Channel-East.html  ##  Smithsonian Channel East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Atlantic-UK.html  ##  Sky Atlantic UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Ostnytt.html  ##  NRK 1 Ãstnytt
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Southwest.html  ##  Fox Sports Southwest
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLPB-TV.html  ##  KLPB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Star-1.html  ##  Star 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mv/Ice-TV.html  ##  Ice TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Home-Theatre.html  ##  In-Home-Theatre
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNAC-TV.html  ##  WNAC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Westcountry-South-West.html  ##  ITV Westcountry South West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSNB-TV.html  ##  KSNB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPBA-TV.html  ##  WPBA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Paramount-Channel-Asia.html  ##  Paramount Channel Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/TV-Barrandov.html  ##  TV Barrandov
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Europe.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXP-TV.html  ##  WPXP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFBB-DT-2.html  ##  KFBB-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/C8.html  ##  C8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RPC-TV.html  ##  RPC TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-France--1.html  ##  Disney Channel France +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/JTV.html  ##  JTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/World-Fashion-Channel-International.html  ##  World Fashion Channel International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Comedy-Italia.html  ##  Fox Comedy Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Movies-Action.html  ##  Sky Movies Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KENS-TV.html  ##  KENS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Nova-Cinema-1.html  ##  Nova Cinema 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCWJ-DT.html  ##  WCWJ-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJRT-TV.html  ##  WJRT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/K13XD-TV.html  ##  K13XD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRWG-TV.html  ##  KRWG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBC-Drama.html  ##  MBC Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSL-TV.html  ##  KSL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/CBeebies-Asia.html  ##  CBeebies Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/Arena-Sport-1-Hrvatska.html  ##  Arena Sport 1 Hrvatska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPLC.html  ##  KPLC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXL-TV.html  ##  WFXL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Lig-TV.html  ##  Lig TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/NDR-Fernsehen-Hamburg.html  ##  NDR Fernsehen Hamburg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/HTV-7.html  ##  HTV 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies-Festival.html  ##  OSN Movies Festival
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-Toronto.html  ##  Global TV Toronto
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/si/Kanal-A.html  ##  Kanal A
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLNE-TV.html  ##  WLNE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Serie-Club.html  ##  SÃ©rie Club
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Me-TV-Alternate.html  ##  Me TV Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVTV-TV.html  ##  KVTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCJB-TV.html  ##  WCJB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Novalife.html  ##  Novalife
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-2.html  ##  Optus Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-2-America-Latina.html  ##  ESPN 2 AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Acadie.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Acadie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWGN-TV.html  ##  KWGN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Regina.html  ##  CBC Regina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ABC-News-One-Live-Channel-1.html  ##  ABC News One Live Channel 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/Puls-4.html  ##  Puls 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Romania.html  ##  HBO Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSAS-TV.html  ##  KSAS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/J-Sports-4.html  ##  J Sports 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Nederland.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Nederland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KZTV-TV.html  ##  KZTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-6.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCET-TV.html  ##  WCET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-9.html  ##  NBA League Pass 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMTW-TV.html  ##  KMTW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Next-West.html  ##  Showtime Next West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXVA-TV.html  ##  KXVA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/True-Tennis.html  ##  True Tennis
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/Top-Channel.html  ##  Top Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-News-HQ-UK.html  ##  Sky Sports News HQ UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/Chilevision.html  ##  ChilevisiÃ³n
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TVA-Sports-2.html  ##  TVA Sports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-24-English.html  ##  France 24 English
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Canal-5.html  ##  Canal 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Polska.html  ##  HBO Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Action-.html  ##  Action+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-1-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 1 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOOD-TV.html  ##  KOOD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Golf-Channel-US.html  ##  Golf Channel US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Fight-Network-Italia.html  ##  Fight Network Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Deutschland.html  ##  Discovery Channel Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Root-Sports-Rocky-Mountain.html  ##  Root Sports Rocky Mountain
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-3.html  ##  Star Sports 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Dizimax-Drama.html  ##  Dizimax Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ma/Al-Aoula-Middle-East.html  ##  Al Aoula Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Telemundo-Este.html  ##  Telemundo Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPBY-TV.html  ##  WPBY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Animal-Family-HD.html  ##  Animal Family HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVN-Turbo.html  ##  TVN Turbo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Chicago-Plus.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Chicago Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Srbija.html  ##  Fox Life Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Dizi-TV.html  ##  Dizi TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-RedZone.html  ##  NFL RedZone
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSVT-LD.html  ##  KSVT-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Saudi-TV.html  ##  Saudi TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVLA-TV.html  ##  WVLA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Canal-Viva.html  ##  Canal Viva
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Pursuit-Channel.html  ##  Pursuit Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Seasons.html  ##  Seasons
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBTV-TV.html  ##  KBTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Fashion-TV-Russia.html  ##  Fashion TV Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-2-TV.html  ##  KBS 2 TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Mid-Atlantic-Plus.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/IFC-East.html  ##  IFC East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Sex-Zone-HD.html  ##  Sex Zone HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Cinema.html  ##  Starz Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Film-and-Arts-Mexico.html  ##  Film & Arts MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBLR-TV.html  ##  KBLR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Two.html  ##  BBC Two
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Select-Shopping.html  ##  Select Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-East.html  ##  Disney Channel East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Mega-TV.html  ##  Mega TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-HD.html  ##  Record HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KQCA-TV.html  ##  KQCA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDPB.html  ##  WDPB
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/TV-Asahi-Channel-2.html  ##  TV Asahi Channel 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Super-Action.html  ##  Super Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Dramax.html  ##  Dramax
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TWC-SportsNet-Los-Angeles.html  ##  TWC SportsNet Los Angeles
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Brasil.html  ##  MTV Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEFS-TV.html  ##  WEFS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Tomato-TV.html  ##  Tomato TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Sport-1-Super-HD.html  ##  Sky Sport 1 Super HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Brasil.html  ##  Cartoon Network Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPBS-TV.html  ##  KPBS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Chile.html  ##  Fox Sports Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HSN.html  ##  HSN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSYS-TV.html  ##  KSYS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLPB-TV.html  ##  WLPB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-17.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 17
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Redlight-HD.html  ##  Redlight HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/LCI.html  ##  LCI
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-2.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNVA-TV.html  ##  KNVA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKTB-CD.html  ##  WKTB-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/J-Sports-3.html  ##  J Sports 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMOV-TV.html  ##  KMOV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Uno--1.html  ##  Sky Uno +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Polska.html  ##  AMC Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Penthouse-HD.html  ##  Penthouse HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MSG.html  ##  MSG
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-Studio.html  ##  Zee Studio
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Middle-East.html  ##  National Geographic Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-4.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-California-Plus.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet California Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Univision-Deportes.html  ##  Univision Deportes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-West.html  ##  History West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bravo-West.html  ##  Bravo West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Hollywood-Suite-70s-Movies.html  ##  Hollywood Suite 70s Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Arts.html  ##  Sky Arts
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-14.html  ##  CCTV 14
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sundance-Channel-Middle-East.html  ##  Sundance Channel Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/CTS.html  ##  CTS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/Kurdsat.html  ##  Kurdsat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Planeta-HD.html  ##  Planeta HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPLR-TV.html  ##  KPLR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/A-Haber.html  ##  A Haber
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Series-Brasil.html  ##  TNT Series Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Voyage.html  ##  Voyage
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSNF-TV.html  ##  KSNF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Star-Sports-Korea.html  ##  Star Sports Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-France.html  ##  Eurosport 1 France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTTA-TV.html  ##  WTTA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TV-Asia.html  ##  TV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Indomaret-Channel.html  ##  Indomaret Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/K--PC.html  ##  K+ PC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Libido-TV.html  ##  Libido TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hope-Channel-Philippines.html  ##  Hope Channel Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Intro.html  ##  Sky Intro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTEJ.html  ##  KTEJ
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/KykNet.html  ##  KykNet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Telefe.html  ##  Telefe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Warner-Channel-Brasil.html  ##  Warner Channel Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/EBS-1.html  ##  EBS 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TV-Puls.html  ##  TV Puls
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGBY-TV.html  ##  WGBY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Portugal.html  ##  AXN Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-VTV.html  ##  Rede VTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-Latin-America.html  ##  Boomerang Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Mooz-Dance.html  ##  Mooz Dance
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Digi-Sport-2-Hungary.html  ##  Digi Sport 2 Hungary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-1.html  ##  Sky Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-West.html  ##  TLC West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/NRT-Arabic.html  ##  NRT Arabic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTGL-TV.html  ##  WTGL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Prime-Box-Brazil.html  ##  Prime Box Brazil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-Tele-a-la-carte-HD-3.html  ##  Vu! TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte HD 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Golf.html  ##  C More Golf
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Kitchener.html  ##  CTV Kitchener
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFOR-TV.html  ##  WFOR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Bahia.html  ##  Record Bahia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Philippines.html  ##  Cartoon Network Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKRG-TV.html  ##  WKRG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Sky-HD-1.html  ##  Sky HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-News.html  ##  Eurosport News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEYT-TV.html  ##  KEYT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFFF-TV.html  ##  WFFF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Canal-Brasil.html  ##  Canal Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-Le-Plex.html  ##  Sony Le Plex
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Duna-TV.html  ##  Duna TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-Minas-Gerais.html  ##  Band Minas Gerais
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RPC-TV-Ponta-Grossa.html  ##  RPC TV Ponta Grossa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSEE-TV-Caribbean.html  ##  WSEE-TV Caribbean
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-10-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 10 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bh/Bahrain-International.html  ##  Bahrain International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Max-Mexico.html  ##  Max MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/CBeebies-Latinoamerica.html  ##  CBeebies LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDTV-TV.html  ##  KDTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Golf--.html  ##  Golf +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYTV-TV.html  ##  WYTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Sports-Cricket.html  ##  OSN Sports Cricket
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-360.html  ##  SportsNet 360
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Nova-Cinema-4.html  ##  Nova Cinema 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Tsuri-Vision.html  ##  Tsuri Vision
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/6eren.html  ##  6'eren
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Asia.html  ##  Comedy Central Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFYI-TV.html  ##  WFYI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TCT-HD.html  ##  TCT HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/eg/Al-Nahar-Cinema.html  ##  Al-Nahar Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Digi-Sport-2-Slovakia.html  ##  Digi Sport 2 Slovakia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-15.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 15
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Brasil.html  ##  Fox Life Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-2-East.html  ##  MTV 2 East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Aljazeera-English.html  ##  Aljazeera English
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/TG-4.html  ##  TG 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-Travel.html  ##  Sky Travel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Comedy.html  ##  Sky Cinema Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Brasil.html  ##  History Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bh/Bahrain-Sports-Channel.html  ##  Bahrain Sports Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-4.html  ##  France 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-9.html  ##  In Demand Team 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUPV-TV.html  ##  WUPV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-Russia.html  ##  Food Network Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYVE-TV.html  ##  KYVE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Ohio-Cincinnati.html  ##  Fox Sports Ohio Cincinnati
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Investigation-Discovery-East.html  ##  Investigation Discovery East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/True-Inside.html  ##  True Inside
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/PPV-Event-Pre-Order.html  ##  PPV Event Pre-Order
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNCT-TV.html  ##  WNCT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Onyx.html  ##  Onyx
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/RDS-2.html  ##  RDS 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLAJ-TV.html  ##  WLAJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOAM-TV.html  ##  KOAM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-UK.html  ##  Cartoon Network UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/OMNI-British-Columbia.html  ##  OMNI British Columbia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Italia.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Series.html  ##  Movistar Series
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sky-PerfecTV-4K-Movie.html  ##  Sky PerfecTV 4K Movie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sport-24.html  ##  Sport 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Franche-Comte.html  ##  France 3 Franche-ComtÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Teva.html  ##  TÃ©va
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/TV-Nova.html  ##  TV Nova
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hustler-TV-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Hustler TV LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBN.html  ##  MBN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Formula-1.html  ##  Movistar FÃ³rmula 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTTE-TV.html  ##  WTTE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/RTL-TVI.html  ##  RTL TVI
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOMU-TV.html  ##  KOMU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KJCT-TV.html  ##  KJCT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Planeta-HD.html  ##  Planeta HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Primafila-9.html  ##  Sky Primafila 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUAB-TV.html  ##  WUAB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-3-Norte.html  ##  ESPN 3 Norte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WINK-TV.html  ##  WINK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-12.html  ##  NBA League Pass 12
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KASY-TV.html  ##  KASY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mm/Sky-Net-HD-Pay-Per-View.html  ##  Sky Net HD Pay Per View
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Portugal.html  ##  Fox Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFDX-TV.html  ##  KFDX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-West.html  ##  National Geographic West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Telecafe.html  ##  TelecafÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/eg/Al-Nahar-Drama.html  ##  Al-Nahar Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Mondo-TV.html  ##  Mondo TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/BYU-TV.html  ##  BYU TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Travel-Channel-Asia.html  ##  Travel Channel Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRLH-TV.html  ##  WRLH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFDC-TV.html  ##  WFDC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/ABS-CBN.html  ##  ABS-CBN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-24.html  ##  CT 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-TV.html  ##  History TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Showcase-West.html  ##  Showtime Showcase West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sg/Channel-NewsAsia.html  ##  Channel NewsAsia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPVI-TV.html  ##  WPVI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPVI-DT.html  ##  KPVI-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AandE-Brasil.html  ##  A&E Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Dave-UK.html  ##  Dave UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Crime-and-Thriller.html  ##  Sky Cinema Crime & Thriller
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-Malaysia.html  ##  Disney XD Malaysia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Super-Ecran-3.html  ##  Super Ãcran 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVNS-DT-2.html  ##  WVNS-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2-Sport-Premium-3.html  ##  TV 2 Sport Premium 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/FB-TV.html  ##  FB TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTWU-TV.html  ##  KTWU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Equidia-Live.html  ##  Equidia Live
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRGB-TV.html  ##  WRGB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Inter-TV-Alto-Litoral.html  ##  Inter TV Alto Litoral
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Middle-East-and-Africa.html  ##  Discovery Channel Middle East & Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Gol-TV-Alternate.html  ##  Gol TV Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSBK-TV.html  ##  WSBK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Atlantic-HD.html  ##  Sky Atlantic HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nick-Jr-Brasil.html  ##  Nick Jr Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBRZ-TV.html  ##  WBRZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBOC-TV.html  ##  WBOC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLRN-TV.html  ##  WLRN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/NHK-World-TV.html  ##  NHK World TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Trace-Urban.html  ##  Trace Urban
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEDW-DT.html  ##  WEDW-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Pro-TV.html  ##  Pro TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Diema-Sport-2.html  ##  Diema Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/JTV.html  ##  JTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Live-2.html  ##  C More Live 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pk/Bol-News-Network.html  ##  Bol News Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTOL-TV.html  ##  WTOL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLUC-TV.html  ##  WLUC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-9.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIVI-TV.html  ##  KIVI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRBC-TV.html  ##  KRBC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Seculo-21.html  ##  Rede SÃ©culo 21
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-2.html  ##  Star Sports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TVB-Record-Campinas.html  ##  TVB Record Campinas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-South-East-Asia.html  ##  Nickelodeon South East Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/K--PM.html  ##  K+ PM
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Cancao-Nova-Rede.html  ##  TV CanÃ§Ã£o Nova Rede
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMID-TV.html  ##  KMID-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCRG-TV.html  ##  KCRG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-Ent.html  ##  Sky Ent
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-1.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Unique-Satellite-TV.html  ##  Unique Satellite TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Paramount-Channel-Polska.html  ##  Paramount Channel Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/BNI-Life.html  ##  BNI Life
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/TV-Cine-3.html  ##  TV Cine 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVPY-TV.html  ##  WVPY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Family-Channel.html  ##  Discovery Family Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Norge.html  ##  National Geographic Norge
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Bingo-Boom.html  ##  Bingo Boom
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Nouvelle-Paradise.html  ##  Nouvelle Paradise
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Centro-America.html  ##  TV Centro AmÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Spike-TV.html  ##  Spike TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXXV-DT-2.html  ##  WXXV-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Israel.html  ##  National Geographic Israel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKPT-TV.html  ##  WKPT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HGTV-Canada.html  ##  HGTV Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/CJ-O-Shopping--.html  ##  CJ O Shopping +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Digi-World-Romania.html  ##  Digi World Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXM-TV.html  ##  WPXM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLBK-TV.html  ##  KLBK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TRT-Haber.html  ##  TRT Haber
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/M-Net-Movies-Action---South-Africa.html  ##  M-Net Movies Action + South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-UK.html  ##  History UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NESN-National.html  ##  NESN National
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Xi-Yue-HD.html  ##  Astro Xi Yue HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Fuji-TV-Two.html  ##  Fuji TV Two
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WALB-TV.html  ##  WALB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBCD.html  ##  MBCD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Hyundai-Mall.html  ##  Hyundai Mall
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBCW-TV.html  ##  KBCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Entertainment-Asia.html  ##  BBC Entertainment Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPTM-TV.html  ##  KPTM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHQA-DT-2.html  ##  KHQA-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBGF-LP.html  ##  KBGF-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Edmonton.html  ##  CTV Edmonton
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBC-Every-1.html  ##  MBC Every 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Germany.html  ##  TLC Germany
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Movies-2-HD.html  ##  BeIn Movies 2 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NESN-Xtra.html  ##  NESN Xtra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KJRH-TV.html  ##  KJRH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Kuchnia--.html  ##  Kuchnia +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCVU-TV.html  ##  KCVU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOVA-TV.html  ##  WOVA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Australia-and-New-Zealand.html  ##  National Geographic Australia & New Zealand
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Canal-TRO.html  ##  Canal TRO
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGBX-TV.html  ##  WGBX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/W-Network-East.html  ##  W Network East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/SVT-2.html  ##  SVT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-5.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TTV.html  ##  TTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCOP-TV.html  ##  KCOP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Space-Brasil.html  ##  Space Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKEF-TV.html  ##  WKEF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/TV-3-.html  ##  TV 3+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/OMTV.html  ##  OMTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Espana.html  ##  TNT EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/La-7-d.html  ##  La 7 d
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Caxias-do-Sul.html  ##  RBS TV Caxias do Sul
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-CNT-Satelite.html  ##  Rede CNT SatÃ©lite
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Calcio-5.html  ##  Sky Calcio 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Badook-TV.html  ##  Badook TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGBH-TV.html  ##  WGBH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCBD-TV.html  ##  KCBD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVA-DT-2.html  ##  WTVA-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBTC-TV.html  ##  KBTC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-7.html  ##  In Demand Game 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/PBS-East.html  ##  PBS East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-CW-Plus-East.html  ##  The CW Plus East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Strike-Zone.html  ##  MLB Strike Zone
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-1-Este.html  ##  Fox 1 Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAFF-TV.html  ##  WAFF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Arena.html  ##  Astro Arena
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Clube.html  ##  Rede Clube
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/NTV.html  ##  NTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/PBS-HDTV-West.html  ##  PBS HDTV West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Czech-Republic.html  ##  AXN Czech Republic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Slice.html  ##  Slice
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGBC-DT-2.html  ##  WGBC-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Toronto.html  ##  CBC Toronto
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Stadium-3.html  ##  Stadium 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/El-Trece-Internacional.html  ##  El Trece Internacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat.html  ##  Polsat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Classica-Deutschland.html  ##  Classica Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Srbija.html  ##  Discovery Channel Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/AB-1.html  ##  AB 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-AEC.html  ##  Astro AEC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTEN-DT-3.html  ##  KTEN-DT 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVEA-TV.html  ##  WVEA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTPX-TV.html  ##  WTPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TSN-5.html  ##  TSN 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/Wau-TV.html  ##  Wau TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-Calgary.html  ##  Global TV Calgary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/English-Club-TV.html  ##  English Club TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-4.html  ##  MBC 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/TyC-Sports.html  ##  TyC Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Philippines.html  ##  Nickelodeon Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Stadium-X.html  ##  Stadium X
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinecanal-Prime.html  ##  Cinecanal Prime
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRBU-TV.html  ##  WRBU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-4.html  ##  NBA League Pass 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Una-Voz-con-Todos.html  ##  Una Voz con Todos
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Globo-Brasilia.html  ##  TV Globo BrasÃ­lia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLNS-TV.html  ##  WLNS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/SineTivi.html  ##  SineTivi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRNV-TV.html  ##  KRNV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLTM-TV.html  ##  KLTM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Movies-Middle-East.html  ##  Star Movies Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Kids-TV.html  ##  Kids TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Family-Gekijyo.html  ##  Family Gekijyo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Tricolor-Ultra-HD.html  ##  Tricolor Ultra HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-BS-238.html  ##  Fox BS 238
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYTV-TV.html  ##  KYTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJLP-TV.html  ##  WJLP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-SuperSport-4.html  ##  Astro SuperSport 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/V-Tele-Gatineau-Ottawa.html  ##  V-TÃ©lÃ© Gatineau-Ottawa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNYA-TV.html  ##  WNYA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Number-1-Turk.html  ##  Number 1 TÃ¼rk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEDT-TV.html  ##  KEDT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Shine-Kino.html  ##  Shine Kino
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLST-TV.html  ##  KLST-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Classica-Japan.html  ##  Classica Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Portugal.html  ##  Fox Life Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOPX-TV.html  ##  WOPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DirecTV-4K.html  ##  DirecTV 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVG-TV.html  ##  WTVG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-HD-USA.html  ##  Discovery Channel HD USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Nederland.html  ##  National Geographic Nederland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Austria.html  ##  Sky Sport Austria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNYS-TV.html  ##  WNYS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXB-TV.html  ##  WFXB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/Plus.html  ##  Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSAW-LP.html  ##  KSAW-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Japan.html  ##  Record Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/BS-NTV.html  ##  BS NTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-News-UK.html  ##  Sky News UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DHE-HD.html  ##  DHE HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNPX-LP.html  ##  WNPX-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-HD-3-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport HD 3 Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fashion-One-4K.html  ##  Fashion One 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-1-Thailand.html  ##  BeIn Sports 1 Thailand
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FYI-East.html  ##  FYI East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-14.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 14
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Nova-Scotia.html  ##  CBC Nova Scotia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Keiba-TV.html  ##  Keiba TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/W-Shopping.html  ##  W Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Premium-Cinema-2.html  ##  Premium Cinema 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Velocity.html  ##  Velocity
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSWO-TV.html  ##  KSWO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXLT-TV.html  ##  KXLT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TRT-Belgesel.html  ##  TRT Belgesel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Green-TV.html  ##  Green TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Power-TV.html  ##  Power TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEMO-TV.html  ##  KEMO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Logo-West.html  ##  Logo West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Prima-Cool.html  ##  Prima Cool
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/BS-Sky-PerfecTV.html  ##  BS Sky PerfecTV!
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/C-SPAN.html  ##  C-SPAN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTFV-CD.html  ##  KTFV-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSJV-TV.html  ##  WSJV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Pigoo-HD.html  ##  Pigoo HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/City-Play.html  ##  City Play
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-A-Critica.html  ##  TV A CrÃ­tica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/TyC-Sports-Internacional.html  ##  TyC Sports Internacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-Select-HD1.html  ##  Star Sports Select HD1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Hits.html  ##  Sky Cinema Hits
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Premium-Action.html  ##  Premium Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Dolce-Sport-2.html  ##  Dolce Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Azteca-US-Este.html  ##  Azteca US Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLYH-TV.html  ##  WLYH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Vijay-India.html  ##  Star Vijay India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MovieChoice.html  ##  MovieChoice
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Paramount-Channel-Latin-America.html  ##  Paramount Channel Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Motorvision-TV.html  ##  Motorvision TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Limousin.html  ##  France 3 Limousin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/K-Baduk.html  ##  K-Baduk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-LaLiga-1.html  ##  BeIn Sports LaLiga 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Polska.html  ##  Fox Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Tru-TV-Asia.html  ##  Tru TV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUNU-TV.html  ##  WUNU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-HD-5.html  ##  SuperSport HD 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLVT-TV.html  ##  WLVT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NESN-Plus.html  ##  NESN Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Brain-TV.html  ##  Brain TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Videoland-Sports.html  ##  Videoland Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Alternate.html  ##  NFL Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RT-Espanol.html  ##  RT EspaÃ±ol
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGUN-TV.html  ##  KGUN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTMF-DT-2.html  ##  KTMF-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/H2-Latinoamerica.html  ##  H2 LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pe/ATV.html  ##  ATV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-World-HD-Asia.html  ##  Star World HD Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-France.html  ##  National Geographic France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/TV-3.html  ##  TV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-TV-USA.html  ##  Zee TV USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Arts.html  ##  Sky Arts
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/SBT-Nacional.html  ##  SBT Nacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Max-1-HD.html  ##  BeIn Max 1 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CP-24.html  ##  CP 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBVU.html  ##  KBVU
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-2.html  ##  Showtime 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinecanal-Centro.html  ##  Cinecanal Centro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Space-Shower-TV-Plus.html  ##  Space Shower TV Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGNS-DT-2.html  ##  KGNS-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-4.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDOC-TV.html  ##  KDOC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Kids-and-Family.html  ##  Starz Kids & Family
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/Vizion-Plus.html  ##  Vizion Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TVO.html  ##  TVO
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-en-Espanol.html  ##  BeIn Sports en EspaÃ±ol
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUQI.html  ##  KUQI
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLBZ.html  ##  WLBZ
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNLO-TV.html  ##  WNLO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMOR-TV.html  ##  WMOR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Kanal-D.html  ##  Kanal D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSPX-TV.html  ##  WSPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RPC-TV-Paranavai.html  ##  RPC TV ParanavaÃ­
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Motors-TV-Latin-America.html  ##  Motors TV Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Latino-Central.html  ##  MTV Latino Central
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXFT-TV.html  ##  WXFT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMBB-TV.html  ##  WMBB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Canada.html  ##  Discovery Channel Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTXF-TV.html  ##  WTXF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/M-Net-Edge-South-Africa.html  ##  M-Net Edge South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-10.html  ##  Sky Sport 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-TEM-Itapetininga.html  ##  TV TEM Itapetininga
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOAY-TV.html  ##  WOAY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSPX-TV.html  ##  KSPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies-Kids.html  ##  OSN Movies Kids
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rai-1.html  ##  Rai 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/Joj-Cinema.html  ##  Joj Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2-Vorarlberg.html  ##  ORF 2 Vorarlberg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Teletravel-HD.html  ##  Teletravel HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLMT-TV.html  ##  WLMT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KKEY-LP.html  ##  KKEY-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-Encore-2-West.html  ##  The Movie Network Encore 2 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-9.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLRU-TV.html  ##  KLRU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFTH-TV.html  ##  KFTH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TeleToon-East.html  ##  TÃ©lÃ©Toon East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KATV-TV.html  ##  KATV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Science.html  ##  Science
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/A-.html  ##  A+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-6-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 6 Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-Movie-Network-West.html  ##  Lifetime Movie Network West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Vox-Deutschland.html  ##  Vox Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/GMM-Football-Euro.html  ##  GMM Football Euro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXI-TV.html  ##  WPXI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNDY-TV.html  ##  WNDY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOB-TV.html  ##  KOB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-Europe.html  ##  E! Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-7-South-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 7 South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Veterans-Affairs-Knowledge-Network-1.html  ##  Veterans Affairs Knowledge Network 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Rhone-Alpes.html  ##  France 3 RhÃ´ne-Alpes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCNC-TV.html  ##  WCNC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/BS-Japan.html  ##  BS Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Urheilu.html  ##  Viasat Urheilu
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/and-pictures.html  ##  & pictures
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BT-Sport-1.html  ##  BT Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/PPV-9.html  ##  PPV 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Baby-TV-Asia.html  ##  Baby TV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-8.html  ##  In Demand Game 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Event-TV-HD.html  ##  Event TV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MGM-Movies.html  ##  MGM Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGBC-TV.html  ##  WGBC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Catch-On.html  ##  Catch On
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-6.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-2.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sony-Movie-Channel-USA.html  ##  Sony Movie Channel USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Lifestyle-Polska.html  ##  BBC Lifestyle Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Centric-West.html  ##  Centric West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-LaLiga.html  ##  BeIn Sports LaLiga
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Kids-Talk-Talk.html  ##  Kids Talk Talk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-West.html  ##  E! West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Romance-TV-Polska.html  ##  Romance TV Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-3-East.html  ##  The Movie Network 3 East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Sweden.html  ##  Discovery Channel Sweden
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-4.html  ##  In Demand Team 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFPH-DT.html  ##  KFPH-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Insight-HD.html  ##  Insight HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KREM-TV.html  ##  KREM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Calle-13.html  ##  Calle 13
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/Setanta-Sport-Evraziya--.html  ##  Setanta Sport Evraziya +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Excelsior-TV.html  ##  ExcÃ©lsior TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNPB-TV.html  ##  KNPB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNN-News-18.html  ##  CNN News 18
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dog-TV.html  ##  Dog TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-TG-24.html  ##  Sky TG 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-10.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAPA-TV.html  ##  WAPA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MoreMax-East.html  ##  MoreMax East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDIO-TV.html  ##  WDIO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Ultra-HD.html  ##  Viasat Ultra HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Foxtel-Movies-Thriller.html  ##  Foxtel Movies Thriller
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-18.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 18
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-6.html  ##  Showcase HD 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Yas-TV.html  ##  Yas TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFTC-TV.html  ##  WFTC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MGM-HD-USA.html  ##  MGM HD USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/Mov.html  ##  Mov
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Channel-Max.html  ##  Channel Max
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSPA-TV.html  ##  WSPA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-12-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 12 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCCB-TV.html  ##  WCCB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Asia.html  ##  Fox Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-3.html  ##  Optus Sport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVO-TV.html  ##  WTVO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCWX-TV.html  ##  KCWX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-Info-Channel.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD Info Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNUV-TV.html  ##  WNUV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/M-Net.html  ##  M Net
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Regina.html  ##  CTV Regina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/XXL.html  ##  XXL
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/WakuWaku-Japan-South-East-Asia.html  ##  WakuWaku Japan South East Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/KHL-TV-HD.html  ##  KHL TV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/SBT-Rede.html  ##  SBT Rede
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBOI-TV.html  ##  KBOI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Meridian-East.html  ##  ITV Meridian East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVAN-TV.html  ##  WVAN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPPX-TV.html  ##  KPPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/--Globosat.html  ##  + Globosat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Sport-Reunion.html  ##  Canal + Sport RÃ©union
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPMR-TV.html  ##  KPMR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nick-Jr-West.html  ##  Nick Jr West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Sport-3.html  ##  Sky Sport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Alhurra-TV.html  ##  Alhurra TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPBN-TV.html  ##  WPBN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-History-Channel-Japan.html  ##  The History Channel Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXII-TV.html  ##  WXII-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMUR-TV.html  ##  WMUR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-HD-Europe.html  ##  History HD Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFQX-TV.html  ##  KFQX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Colmax-TV.html  ##  Colmax TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Bike-Channel.html  ##  Bike Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Cinema-1.html  ##  Cosmote Cinema 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-2-East.html  ##  Showtime 2 East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Peace-TV-Middle-East.html  ##  Peace TV Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Box-Nation-Live-HD.html  ##  Box Nation Live HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGCU-TV.html  ##  WGCU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Brasil.html  ##  TLC Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFXV-LD.html  ##  KFXV-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOLO-TV.html  ##  WOLO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-France.html  ##  Boomerang France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fi/YLE-TV-1.html  ##  YLE TV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/STV-West.html  ##  STV West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRDQ-TV.html  ##  WRDQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Lig-TV-3.html  ##  Lig TV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDKA-TV.html  ##  KDKA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJZY-TV.html  ##  WJZY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hr/Fight-Channel-World.html  ##  Fight Channel World
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Phoenix-Chinese-Channel.html  ##  Phoenix Chinese Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAOE-TV.html  ##  WAOE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-8.html  ##  Sukachan 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOIO-TV.html  ##  WOIO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Tru-TV-Brasil.html  ##  Tru TV Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Colors-Marathi.html  ##  Colors Marathi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Freeform-East.html  ##  Freeform East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Adult-HD-PPV-English-2.html  ##  Adult HD PPV English 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2-Niederosterreich.html  ##  ORF 2 NiederÃ¶sterreich
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Brazil.html  ##  AXN Brazil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tm/Yaslyk.html  ##  Yaslyk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Epix-East.html  ##  Epix East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Trans-7.html  ##  Trans 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKCF-TV.html  ##  WKCF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-2-West.html  ##  The Movie Network 2 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-India.html  ##  National Geographic India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Mexico.html  ##  Discovery Channel MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ec/Inti-Network.html  ##  Inti Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-PPV-Sports.html  ##  Dish PPV Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHO-TV.html  ##  WHO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Box-Office-HD.html  ##  Sky Cinema Box Office HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/13th-Street-Deutschland.html  ##  13th Street Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-7.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBBH-TV.html  ##  WBBH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Kayo-Pops.html  ##  Kayo Pops
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-History-Channel-Italia.html  ##  The History Channel Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMDN-TV.html  ##  WMDN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Cono-Norte.html  ##  Fox Sports Cono Norte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Aljazeera-Documentary.html  ##  Aljazeera Documentary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Investigation-Discovery-Europe.html  ##  Investigation Discovery Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUFT-TV.html  ##  WUFT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Viajar.html  ##  Viajar
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWMT-TV.html  ##  WWMT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat-2.html  ##  Polsat 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Warner-Channel.html  ##  Warner Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Slow-TV.html  ##  Slow TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAOW-TV.html  ##  WAOW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Roma-TV.html  ##  Roma TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ThrillerMax-West.html  ##  ThrillerMax West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Z-Living-Asia.html  ##  Z Living Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSAW-TV.html  ##  WSAW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/EbS-.html  ##  EbS+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTMF-DT.html  ##  KTMF-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NESN.html  ##  NESN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Eve.html  ##  Eve
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVUT-TV.html  ##  WVUT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/7-mate-Central.html  ##  7 mate Central
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNDU-TV.html  ##  KNDU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Nautical-Channel.html  ##  Nautical Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIFI-TV.html  ##  KIFI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFMJ-TV.html  ##  WFMJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-2-West.html  ##  MTV 2 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-In-Black.html  ##  Starz In Black
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KATU-TV.html  ##  KATU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/SET-Asia.html  ##  SET Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Golf-Network.html  ##  Golf Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Willow.html  ##  Willow
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCGV-TV.html  ##  WCGV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVN-Fabula.html  ##  TVN Fabula
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Flamingo.html  ##  Flamingo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Taiwan.html  ##  Discovery Channel Taiwan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Rossiya-1.html  ##  Rossiya 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KKTM-TV.html  ##  KKTM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2-Oberosterreich.html  ##  ORF 2 OberÃ¶sterreich
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hallmark-Channel-East.html  ##  Hallmark Channel East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-3-Sverige.html  ##  TV 3 Sverige
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Home-and-Health-Brasil.html  ##  Discovery Home & Health Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/JBS.html  ##  JBS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTWC-TV.html  ##  WTWC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MovieMax.html  ##  MovieMax
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFVS-TV.html  ##  KFVS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WISN-TV.html  ##  WISN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Newsreel-Documentary.html  ##  Newsreel Documentary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NASA-TV-Media.html  ##  NASA TV Media
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-Brasil.html  ##  Food Network Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/MUTV.html  ##  MUTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-1-Jizni-Morava.html  ##  CT 1 JiznÃ­ Morava
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DTX-East-Europe.html  ##  DTX East Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TBS-West.html  ##  TBS West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Bahia-TV-Oeste.html  ##  Rede Bahia TV Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFOX-TV.html  ##  WFOX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HLN.html  ##  HLN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Explore.html  ##  Viasat Explore
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/EBS.html  ##  EBS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-Encore-1-East.html  ##  The Movie Network Encore 1 East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUNS-TV.html  ##  KUNS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Speed-Channel-3.html  ##  Speed Channel 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Investigacao-Discovery-Brasil.html  ##  InvestigaÃ§Ã£o Discovery Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Angel-TV-India.html  ##  Angel TV India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Tivibu-Spor-4.html  ##  Tivibu Spor 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-TV.html  ##  NBA TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-1-Brasil.html  ##  Fox 1 Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCWE-DT.html  ##  KCWE-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTEL-TV.html  ##  KTEL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/HSE-24-Italia.html  ##  HSE 24 Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGMC-TV.html  ##  KGMC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Universal-Channel-Deutschland.html  ##  Universal Channel Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHRO-TV.html  ##  WHRO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/The-Open-University-of-Japan-BS-1.html  ##  The Open University of Japan BS 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDEN-TV.html  ##  KDEN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ABC-Spark.html  ##  ABC Spark
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-CIS.html  ##  Nickelodeon CIS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN---Brasil.html  ##  ESPN + Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/TV-Cine-4.html  ##  TV Cine 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KODE-TV.html  ##  KODE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Cabralia.html  ##  Record CabrÃ¡lia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Vestlandsrevyen.html  ##  NRK 1 Vestlandsrevyen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKBS-TV.html  ##  WKBS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-Ontario.html  ##  SportsNet Ontario
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Cinema-France.html  ##  Canal + CinÃ©ma France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinecanal-Este.html  ##  Cinecanal Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/Dajto.html  ##  Dajto
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXPX-TV.html  ##  WXPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTTO-TV.html  ##  WTTO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Canal---Discovery.html  ##  Canal + Discovery
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Da-Ai-TV.html  ##  Da Ai TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Telemagino.html  ##  TÃ©lÃ©magino
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/ITV.html  ##  ITV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ao/La-Liga-na-Zap.html  ##  La Liga na Zap
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KARD-TV.html  ##  KARD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUAT-TV.html  ##  KUAT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Canal-TR3CE-HD.html  ##  Canal TR3CE HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/Duck-TV-HD.html  ##  Duck TV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ActionMax-West.html  ##  ActionMax West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Telecine-Action.html  ##  Telecine Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Pachinko-Pachislo-TV.html  ##  Pachinko Pachislo TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLVI-TV.html  ##  WLVI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTC-HD-3.html  ##  VTC HD 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBFF-TV.html  ##  WBFF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOLD-TV.html  ##  KOLD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Big-Ten-Network.html  ##  Big Ten Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSAN-TV.html  ##  KSAN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTXA-TV.html  ##  KTXA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-India.html  ##  Fox Life India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/Klan-Kosova.html  ##  Klan Kosova
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTRE-TV.html  ##  KTRE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/EX-Sports.html  ##  EX Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVI-TV.html  ##  KTVI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ION-TV-East.html  ##  ION TV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-News-Channel.html  ##  CTV News Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-Polsat.html  ##  Food Network Polsat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Mangas.html  ##  Mangas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-6.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMYD-TV.html  ##  WMYD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TBS-Brasil.html  ##  TBS Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HGTV-Asia.html  ##  HGTV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Central.html  ##  Fox Central
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTHI-TV.html  ##  WTHI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVEN-TV.html  ##  WVEN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-11-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 11 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGET-TV.html  ##  KGET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sat-1-Osterreich.html  ##  Sat. 1 Ãsterreich
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWJ-TV.html  ##  WWJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Majid.html  ##  Majid
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Romania.html  ##  AXN Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGBO-TV.html  ##  WGBO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Comedy-Latin-America.html  ##  Fox Comedy Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Deutschland.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCPQ-TV.html  ##  KCPQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Travel-Channel-West.html  ##  Travel Channel West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Cinema-2.html  ##  Cosmote Cinema 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-Action.html  ##  MBC Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Asia.html  ##  Cartoon Network Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Channel-Nine-Perth.html  ##  Channel Nine Perth
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Channel-HD-Europe.html  ##  National Geographic Channel HD Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fashion-One-Europe.html  ##  Fashion One Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MSG-Alternate.html  ##  MSG Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Canada.html  ##  TLC Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMAW-TV.html  ##  WMAW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Brasil.html  ##  TNT Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Univision-Este.html  ##  UnivisiÃ³n Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAMI-TV.html  ##  WAMI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Sports-2.html  ##  Sky Sports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMDT.html  ##  WMDT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Reuters-Live.html  ##  Reuters Live
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-11.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCSH-TV.html  ##  WCSH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/GSN.html  ##  GSN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Hollywood-Suite-80s-Movies.html  ##  Hollywood Suite 80s Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/IM-Shopping.html  ##  IM Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEDY-TV.html  ##  WEDY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tm/Turkmen-Owazy.html  ##  TÃ¼rkmen Owazy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Now-Entertainment.html  ##  Now Entertainment
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/--Mexiquense.html  ##  + MÃ©xiquense
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWYB-LP.html  ##  KWYB-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-3-UK.html  ##  Sky Sports 3 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Adal-yavdalt-Kino.html  ##  Adal yavdalt Kino
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/AMI-tele.html  ##  AMI-tÃ©lÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/DXTV.html  ##  DXTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Bahia-TV-Sudoeste.html  ##  Rede Bahia TV Sudoeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/YTN-Science.html  ##  YTN Science
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Latin.html  ##  Fox Life Latin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRCR-TV.html  ##  KRCR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-Klub-HD.html  ##  Sport Klub HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-12-Nigeria.html  ##  SuperSport 12 Nigeria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Golf-Channel-Malaysia.html  ##  Golf Channel Malaysia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/RCN-HD2.html  ##  RCN HD2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNNE-TV.html  ##  WNNE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Hola-TV.html  ##  Hola! TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Encore-Classic-East.html  ##  Starz Encore Classic East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-Cinema-Bollywood.html  ##  Dish Cinema Bollywood
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCRA-TV.html  ##  KCRA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAME-TV.html  ##  KAME-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Shinnyo-en.html  ##  Shinnyo-en
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Hollywood-Suite-00s-Movies.html  ##  Hollywood Suite 00s Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXTX-TV.html  ##  KXTX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGGB-DT-2.html  ##  WGGB-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQAD-TV.html  ##  WQAD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/CTH-WWE.html  ##  CTH WWE
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/OUN.html  ##  OUN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-12.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 12
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KMTV-Asia.html  ##  KMTV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/RFD-TV.html  ##  RFD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/1HD.html  ##  1HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXYZ-TV.html  ##  WXYZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Canada.html  ##  Animal Planet Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Family-Latinoamerica.html  ##  HBO Family LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYW-TV.html  ##  KYW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Chinese-Movies-Singapore.html  ##  Star Chinese Movies Singapore
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WETK-TV.html  ##  WETK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Jidaigeki-Senmon-Channel.html  ##  Jidaigeki Senmon Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/TyC-Sports-Senal-Alternativa.html  ##  TyC Sports SeÃ±al Alternativa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Music.html  ##  Nat Geo Music
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Alaraby-TV.html  ##  Alaraby TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAIT-DT-2.html  ##  KAIT-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Calcio-7.html  ##  Sky Calcio 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Kino-TV.html  ##  Kino TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-East.html  ##  Discovery Channel East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCET-TV.html  ##  KCET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/I-Tele.html  ##  I>TÃ©lÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Series.html  ##  Viasat Series
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-On-Demand-HD-1.html  ##  Sky On Demand HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDIN-TV.html  ##  KDIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Cuatro.html  ##  Cuatro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-1-UK.html  ##  Sky Sports 1 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MultiSports-2.html  ##  MultiSports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-1000-Megahit-HD.html  ##  TV 1000 Megahit HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Trace-Africa.html  ##  Trace Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Living-Ireland.html  ##  Sky Living Ireland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBAL-TV.html  ##  WBAL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Novasports-3.html  ##  Novasports 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Argentina.html  ##  Cartoon Network Argentina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Russia.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-History-HD.html  ##  Viasat History HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Speed-Channel-2.html  ##  Speed Channel 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/StadAfric.html  ##  Stad'Afric
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TCM-UK.html  ##  TCM UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/M1.html  ##  M1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Gold-HD-India.html  ##  Star Gold HD India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Zu-TV.html  ##  Zu TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Kanal-A.html  ##  Kanal A
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Florida.html  ##  Fox Sports Florida
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGNT-TV.html  ##  WGNT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVII-TV.html  ##  WVII-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-Business-TV.html  ##  Dish Business TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KQET-TV.html  ##  KQET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPSU-TV.html  ##  WPSU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/SR-Fernsehen.html  ##  SR Fernsehen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCBD-TV.html  ##  WCBD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/DreamCast-Channel.html  ##  DreamCast Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Adria.html  ##  HBO Adria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Girondins-TV.html  ##  Girondins TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-5.html  ##  In Demand Game 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/VH1-East.html  ##  VH1 East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TWC-SportsNet.html  ##  TWC SportsNet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/OMNI-1.html  ##  OMNI 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXL-TV.html  ##  KPXL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Digi-Sport-3-Slovakia.html  ##  Digi Sport 3 Slovakia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Smart-Cocuk.html  ##  Smart Ãocuk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sports-Alternate-3.html  ##  Sports Alternate 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Este.html  ##  AXN Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/Hyper.html  ##  Hyper
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTLW.html  ##  WTLW
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFIE-TV.html  ##  WFIE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Erotica-TV.html  ##  Erotica TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-D.html  ##  CT :D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bd/Asian-TV.html  ##  Asian TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1.html  ##  Eurosport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/FliekNet.html  ##  FliekNet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TV-Land-West.html  ##  TV Land West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-Sports-5.html  ##  Abu Dhabi Sports 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/1618-Shop.html  ##  1618 Shop
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGFL-TV.html  ##  WGFL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-2-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 2 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBBZ-TV.html  ##  WBBZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBME-TV.html  ##  KBME-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYUR-TV.html  ##  KYUR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/eg/On-Sport.html  ##  On Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAZD-TV.html  ##  KAZD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/El-Rey-West.html  ##  El Rey West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAPT-TV.html  ##  WAPT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKGB-TV.html  ##  WKGB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTOK-DT-3.html  ##  WTOK-DT 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-1-Chile.html  ##  Fox Sports 1 Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/UXN.html  ##  UXN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Max--1.html  ##  Sky Cinema Max +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Tivibu-Spor-Ticari.html  ##  Tivibu Spor Ticari
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-3.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVX-TV.html  ##  KTVX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-7.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTCI-TV.html  ##  WTCI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Channel-Ginga.html  ##  Channel Ginga
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKBT-TV.html  ##  WKBT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Reelz.html  ##  Reelz
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTWO-TV.html  ##  WTWO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Canal-Vie.html  ##  Canal Vie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-Central-and-Eastern-Europe.html  ##  Boomerang Central & Eastern Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-3-West.html  ##  The Movie Network 3 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/AMI-TV-West.html  ##  AMI-TV West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSHM-LP.html  ##  WSHM-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBDT-TV.html  ##  WBDT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCPB.html  ##  WCPB
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/3sat.html  ##  3sat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHNL-TV.html  ##  KHNL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Mosaico-Sky-Eventos-HD.html  ##  Mosaico Sky Eventos HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-2.html  ##  MBC 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Premiere-2.html  ##  Sky Premiere 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUND-TV.html  ##  WUND-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  TLC Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Edge-Sport.html  ##  Edge Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Etno-TV.html  ##  Etno TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/I-Cable-HD-201.html  ##  I-Cable HD 201
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Maya-HD.html  ##  Astro Maya HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/IndiePlex.html  ##  IndiePlex
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/3D-Barker-Channel.html  ##  3D Barker Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAID-TV.html  ##  KAID-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/Een.html  ##  ÃÃ©n
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Animax-Korea.html  ##  Animax Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNMD-TV.html  ##  KNMD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTSC-TV.html  ##  KTSC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Face-1-Rossiya.html  ##  Face 1 Rossiya
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Studio-Universal-Africa.html  ##  Studio Universal Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-World-Vietnam.html  ##  Star World Vietnam
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Jewelry-TV.html  ##  Jewelry TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KKPX-TV.html  ##  KKPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Sport--HD.html  ##  Sport+ HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Kids-Showcase.html  ##  Kids Showcase
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAND-TV.html  ##  WAND-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Azteca-Trece.html  ##  Azteca Trece
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sportsman-Channel.html  ##  Sportsman Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Portugal.html  ##  AMC Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-5.html  ##  Sukachan 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Israel.html  ##  Fox Sports Israel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-East.html  ##  TLC East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Asia.html  ##  History Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/zw/Zim-Digital-Entertainment.html  ##  Zim Digital Entertainment
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLBT-TV.html  ##  WLBT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKAQ-TV.html  ##  WKAQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KARK-TV.html  ##  KARK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPMY-TV.html  ##  WPMY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/INC-Radio-DZEM-954.html  ##  INC Radio DZEM 954
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSEE-TV.html  ##  KSEE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-5.html  ##  CCTV 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBC.html  ##  MBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TSN-2.html  ##  TSN 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEBA-TV.html  ##  WEBA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Accion.html  ##  Movistar AcciÃ³n
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Sport-24.html  ##  Sky Sport 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHAG-TV.html  ##  WHAG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-One-Northern-Ireland.html  ##  BBC One Northern Ireland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Viceland-UK.html  ##  Viceland UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinemax-HDTV.html  ##  Cinemax HDTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sports-Alternate-2.html  ##  Sports Alternate 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WATL-TV.html  ##  WATL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WORA-DT-2.html  ##  WORA-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Canal-D.html  ##  Canal D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ActionMax-East.html  ##  ActionMax East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLIO.html  ##  WLIO
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-EMEA.html  ##  Food Network EMEA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAZA-TV.html  ##  KAZA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Animal-Show-HD.html  ##  Animal Show HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/MDR-Fernsehen-Sachsen-Anhalt.html  ##  MDR Fernsehen Sachsen-Anhalt
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Planete--.html  ##  PlanÃ¨te +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WREG-TV.html  ##  WREG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRIC-TV.html  ##  WRIC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/KTV.html  ##  KTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/NPO-2.html  ##  NPO 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MCM-Top.html  ##  MCM Top
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/ShE.html  ##  ShE
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKAR-TV.html  ##  WKAR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUCF-TV.html  ##  WUCF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMYV-TV.html  ##  WMYV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Romania.html  ##  National Geographic RomÃ¢nia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUVS-TV.html  ##  KUVS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/El-Financiero-Bloomberg.html  ##  El Financiero Bloomberg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-Cinema.html  ##  Dish Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUCW-TV.html  ##  WUCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-Mexico.html  ##  Boomerang MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Blumenau.html  ##  RBS TV Blumenau
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJKT.html  ##  WJKT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Paranaiba.html  ##  TV Paranaiba
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOCE-TV.html  ##  KOCE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-1-TV.html  ##  KBS 1 TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/NT1.html  ##  NT1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Smithsonian-Channel.html  ##  Smithsonian Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-Polska.html  ##  Eurosport 2 Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TVA-Gatineau-Ottawa.html  ##  TVA Gatineau-Ottawa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/RTV-21-Sat.html  ##  RTV 21 Sat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Dizimax-Comedy.html  ##  Dizimax Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-11-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 11 Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Asa-Branca.html  ##  TV Asa Branca
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Eda.html  ##  Eda
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Crime---Investigation-Network-Italia.html  ##  Crime + Investigation Network Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Dragon-TV.html  ##  Dragon TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-PPV-Movies-HD-497.html  ##  Astro PPV Movies HD 497
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Galavision-Oeste.html  ##  GalavisiÃ³n Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Olympics-Soccer.html  ##  NBC Olympics Soccer
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MultiSports-6.html  ##  MultiSports 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Investigation.html  ##  Investigation
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/PPTV-HD-36.html  ##  PPTV HD 36
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTFN-TV.html  ##  KTFN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-1-in-Pubs.html  ##  Sky Sports 1 in Pubs
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-Rio-Interior.html  ##  Band Rio Interior
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXIX-TV.html  ##  WXIX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/LFC-TV.html  ##  LFC TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUBE-TV.html  ##  KUBE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Efekto-TV.html  ##  Efekto TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSFL-TV.html  ##  WSFL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBC-Gyeongnam-Changwon.html  ##  MBC Gyeongnam Changwon
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ve/Sun-Channel.html  ##  Sun Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Docu-China.html  ##  Docu China
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIAH-TV.html  ##  KIAH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bloomberg-TV-Asia.html  ##  Bloomberg TV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Combos-TV-Movies.html  ##  Combos TV Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KINC-TV.html  ##  KINC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBRC-TV.html  ##  WBRC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-1-Eredivisie.html  ##  Fox Sports 1 Eredivisie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSLA-TV.html  ##  KSLA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBNA-TV.html  ##  WBNA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MASN-2.html  ##  MASN 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/NPO-3.html  ##  NPO 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Quan-Jia-HD.html  ##  Astro Quan Jia HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFXF-TV.html  ##  KFXF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/BET-International.html  ##  BET International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/CITV.html  ##  CITV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2-Karnten.html  ##  ORF 2 KÃ¤rnten
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sports-Illustrated.html  ##  Sports Illustrated
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Pro-Sieben-Austria.html  ##  Pro Sieben Austria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-France.html  ##  Disney XD France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHSV-TV.html  ##  WHSV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hr/CineStar-Premiere-2.html  ##  CineStar Premiere 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hallmark-Channel-West.html  ##  Hallmark Channel West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CBS-Sports-Network-Canada.html  ##  CBS Sports Network Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WABM-TV.html  ##  WABM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Bahia-TV-Sao-Francisco.html  ##  Rede Bahia TV SÃ£o Francisco
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fight-Sports.html  ##  Fight Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRQE-TV.html  ##  KRQE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat-Sport-HD.html  ##  Polsat Sport HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Max-3-HD.html  ##  BeIn Max 3 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Premiere-Clubes.html  ##  Premiere Clubes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXS-TV.html  ##  WFXS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Dubai-Sports-1.html  ##  Dubai Sports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/I-Cable-HD-Fan.html  ##  I-Cable HD Fan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/TV-Castilla-La-Mancha.html  ##  TV Castilla-La Mancha
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLWT-TV.html  ##  WLWT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Russkij-Extreme.html  ##  Russkij Extreme
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFSN-TV.html  ##  KFSN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Investigation-Discovery-West.html  ##  Investigation Discovery West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Bay-Area-Plus.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Bay Area Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Antena-Stars.html  ##  Antena Stars
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RT-English.html  ##  RT English
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/M-Net-Movies-Showcase-South-Africa.html  ##  M-Net Movies Showcase South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOI-TV.html  ##  WOI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mm/Channel-7.html  ##  Channel 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUTV-TV.html  ##  KUTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-World-HD-Philippines.html  ##  Star World HD Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-5-UK.html  ##  Sky Sports 5 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Prima-Max.html  ##  Prima Max
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBJR-TV.html  ##  KBJR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDKA-TV.html  ##  WDKA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Bayerisches-Fernsehen-Nord.html  ##  Bayerisches Fernsehen Nord
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUPB-TV.html  ##  KUPB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVI-TV.html  ##  WTVI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFXL-TV.html  ##  KFXL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/lu/UHD-1.html  ##  UHD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-First.html  ##  C More First
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ng/Salvation-TV.html  ##  Salvation TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/NS-Shop--.html  ##  NS Shop +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLFL-TV.html  ##  WLFL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/HD-Life.html  ##  HD Life
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sundance-Channel-East-Asia.html  ##  Sundance Channel East Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Mokpo-MBC.html  ##  Mokpo MBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Animaux.html  ##  Animaux
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Kass-Seven.html  ##  Al Kass Seven
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Movies-Premiere.html  ##  Sky Movies Premiere
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/SEC-Network-Alternate.html  ##  SEC Network Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Primafila-11.html  ##  Sky Primafila 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCSM-DT.html  ##  KCSM-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/RTL-5.html  ##  RTL 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-UK.html  ##  Fox UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CHAU-TVA.html  ##  CHAU-TVA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/eg/Al-Nahar-Alyoum.html  ##  Al-Nahar Alyoum
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Universal-Channel-Polska.html  ##  Universal Channel Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-East.html  ##  SportsNet East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGN-America-West.html  ##  WGN America West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Skinemax-HD.html  ##  Skinemax HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Channel-Elan.html  ##  Channel Elan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Indomaret-Channel--1.html  ##  Indomaret Channel +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Non-Stop-People-France.html  ##  Non Stop People France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Luckys-TV.html  ##  Luckys TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Inter-TV-Grande-Minas.html  ##  Inter TV Grande Minas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Simay-Azadi-Iran-National-TV.html  ##  Simay-Azadi Iran National TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXTV-TV.html  ##  KXTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-World-Middle-East.html  ##  Star World Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSTM-TV.html  ##  WSTM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJXX-TV.html  ##  WJXX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/SportsNet-New-York.html  ##  SportsNet New York
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Junior-UK.html  ##  Disney Junior UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-4-Asia.html  ##  CCTV 4 Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBND-LD.html  ##  WBND-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/OnGameNet.html  ##  OnGameNet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Spektrum-International.html  ##  Spektrum International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-CBS-Entertainment.html  ##  RTL CBS Entertainment
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Oh-K.html  ##  Oh! K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOWK-TV.html  ##  WOWK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinemax-Asia.html  ##  Cinemax Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNVN-TV.html  ##  KNVN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Kix.html  ##  Kix
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Jiangsu-TV.html  ##  Jiangsu TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Japan.html  ##  Fox Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Integracao-Zona-da-Mata.html  ##  TV IntegraÃ§Ã£o Zona da Mata
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-10.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Channel-5.html  ##  Channel 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Joinville.html  ##  RBS TV Joinville
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNN-Turk.html  ##  CNN TÃ¼rk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sixx-Deutschland.html  ##  Sixx Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Comedy.html  ##  TNT Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DMAX-Deutschland.html  ##  DMAX Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Life-Channel.html  ##  Discovery Life Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/One.html  ##  One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-12.html  ##  CCTV 12
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPRI-TV.html  ##  WPRI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Brasil.html  ##  Disney Channel Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFYR-DT-2.html  ##  KFYR-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/ABC-1-NSW.html  ##  ABC 1 NSW
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-UK.html  ##  Discovery Channel UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Eureka-HD.html  ##  Eureka HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/CTV-HD.html  ##  CTV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Univision-Mountain.html  ##  UnivisiÃ³n Mountain
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMEB-TV.html  ##  WMEB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBC-America.html  ##  MBC America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Japan-Leisure-Channel-680-HD.html  ##  Japan Leisure Channel 680 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/SIC-Internacional.html  ##  SIC Internacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-East.html  ##  Cartoon Network East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TV-Mexiquense.html  ##  TV MÃ©xiquense
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Mid-Atlantic-Washington.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Mid-Atlantic Washington
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Crime---Investigation-UK.html  ##  Crime + Investigation UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pr/Gran-Carpa-Catedral-TV.html  ##  Gran Carpa Catedral TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-One.html  ##  SportsNet One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Plus-UK.html  ##  Star Plus UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTAL-TV.html  ##  KTAL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ua/Futbol-2.html  ##  Futbol 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Signature-Brasil.html  ##  HBO Signature Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/TA-3.html  ##  TA 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass.html  ##  NBA League Pass
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Edaily-TV.html  ##  Edaily TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Deutschland.html  ##  Cartoon Network Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Sport-Premium.html  ##  Viasat Sport Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/BNT-1.html  ##  BNT 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2-Tirol.html  ##  ORF 2 Tirol
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEDN-TV.html  ##  WEDN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Poitou-Charentes.html  ##  France 3 Poitou-Charentes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKBW-TV.html  ##  WKBW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/TJB.html  ##  TJB
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Game-Channel.html  ##  Game Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-Canada.html  ##  E! Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-East.html  ##  FX East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Latinoamerica.html  ##  TLC LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/City-Edmonton.html  ##  City Edmonton
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Kanal-7.html  ##  Kanal 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-1.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Sinema-TV-Aksiyon.html  ##  Sinema TV Aksiyon
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bd/News-24.html  ##  News 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPCH-TV.html  ##  WPCH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/Sport-TV-4K.html  ##  Sport TV 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Paramount-Channel-Italia.html  ##  Paramount Channel Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHNO-TV.html  ##  WHNO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Domo--.html  ##  Domo +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOZK-TV.html  ##  KOZK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Kawaiian-TV.html  ##  Kawaiian TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-HD-Asia.html  ##  HBO HD Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Detroit.html  ##  Fox Sports Detroit
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Espana.html  ##  Disney Channel EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTUL-TV.html  ##  KTUL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Movies-Middle-East.html  ##  Fox Movies Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/French-Lover-TV.html  ##  French Lover TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RPC-TV-Foz-do-Iguacu.html  ##  RPC TV Foz do IguaÃ§u
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUHF-TV.html  ##  WUHF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FamilyNet-TV.html  ##  FamilyNet TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Baby-TV-Europe.html  ##  Baby TV Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KKTV-TV.html  ##  KKTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDHN-TV.html  ##  WDHN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXVT.html  ##  WXVT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXG-TV.html  ##  KPXG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Max-4.html  ##  BeIn Sports Max 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-British-Columbia.html  ##  CTV British Columbia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/After-Midnight.html  ##  After Midnight
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Platin-2.html  ##  MovieSmart Platin 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIDK-TV.html  ##  KIDK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Recipe-TV.html  ##  Recipe TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDBJ-TV.html  ##  WDBJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXB-TV.html  ##  KPXB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Destination-America.html  ##  Destination America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WETA-TV.html  ##  WETA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Encore-Black-East.html  ##  Starz Encore Black East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Sergipe.html  ##  TV Sergipe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSFY-DT-2.html  ##  KSFY-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Youtoo-America.html  ##  Youtoo America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/K15CZ.html  ##  K15CZ
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-East.html  ##  Comedy Central East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/City-Calgary.html  ##  City Calgary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYES-TV.html  ##  WYES-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WALB-DT-2.html  ##  WALB-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/KurdMax.html  ##  KurdMax
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/SportsNet-New-York-Connecticut.html  ##  SportsNet New York Connecticut
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-Network-101.html  ##  Dish Network 101
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWOR-TV.html  ##  WWOR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet.html  ##  Animal Planet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGNO-TV.html  ##  WGNO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Premiere-FC-Alternativo.html  ##  Premiere FC Alternativo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-1-West.html  ##  The Movie Network 1 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Movies-Srbija.html  ##  Fox Movies Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Turkiye.html  ##  National Geographic TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Festival.html  ##  Festival
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-PPV.html  ##  In Demand PPV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Defined.html  ##  HBO Defined
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOGX-TV.html  ##  WOGX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pe/JN-19.html  ##  JN 19
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-10.html  ##  CCTV 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Sembrando-Satelital.html  ##  Sembrando Satelital
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TeleToon---1.html  ##  TÃ©lÃ©Toon + 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAKW-TV.html  ##  KAKW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSTS-TV.html  ##  KSTS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/TVE-La-1-Madrid.html  ##  TVE La 1 Madrid
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Live-HD.html  ##  C More Live HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXAS-TV.html  ##  KXAS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Kass-Eight.html  ##  Al Kass Eight
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TV-5-Monde-France-Belgique-Suisse.html  ##  TV 5 Monde France Belgique Suisse
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Hebei-TV.html  ##  Hebei TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Korea.html  ##  Nickelodeon Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Shepherds-Chapel.html  ##  Shepherd's Chapel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Viva-Deutschland.html  ##  Viva Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-West.html  ##  Nickelodeon West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCYU-TV.html  ##  KCYU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Beyaz-TV.html  ##  Beyaz TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUXP-TV.html  ##  WUXP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-On-Demand-HD-3.html  ##  Sky On Demand HD 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOCB-TV.html  ##  KOCB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-1.html  ##  SuperSport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Canal-7-TV.html  ##  Canal 7 TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KATC-TV.html  ##  KATC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CHEK-News.html  ##  CHEK News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Movies-Disney.html  ##  Sky Movies Disney
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Nova-Sport-1.html  ##  Nova Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-6-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 6 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Turkiye.html  ##  Fox TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/om/Oman-TV-Live.html  ##  Oman TV Live
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCBS-TV.html  ##  KCBS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-Asia.html  ##  Lifetime Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/TV-3-Sport-2.html  ##  TV 3 Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Five-Channel.html  ##  Five Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Greece.html  ##  Fox Life Greece
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPGH-TV.html  ##  WPGH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Discovery Channel LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Sport-2.html  ##  Sky Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-California.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet California
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQED-TV.html  ##  WQED-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Espana.html  ##  Fox EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBPX-TV.html  ##  WBPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BT-Sport-ESPN.html  ##  BT Sport ESPN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Rainbow-Channel.html  ##  Rainbow Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-16-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 16 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGNS-TV.html  ##  KGNS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Premium.html  ##  MovieSmart Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Veterans-Affairs-Knowledge-Network-2.html  ##  Veterans Affairs Knowledge Network 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Mexico.html  ##  Disney Channel MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHP-TV.html  ##  WHP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/TrueSport-HD-2.html  ##  TrueSport HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRAZ-TV.html  ##  WRAZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOPB-TV.html  ##  KOPB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/TV-8.html  ##  TV 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTV-9.html  ##  VTV 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWQC-TV.html  ##  KWQC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Anhui-TV.html  ##  Anhui TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Movies-HD-India.html  ##  Star Movies HD India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WZRB-TV.html  ##  WZRB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Premier-HD.html  ##  Moviemax Premier HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/SporTV.html  ##  SporTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-14.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 14
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBC.html  ##  KBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCYB-TV.html  ##  WCYB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-1.html  ##  Cosmote Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-1.html  ##  Sky 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Emarat-TV.html  ##  Emarat TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Una-Voz-Con-Todos.html  ##  Una Voz Con Todos
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Animation.html  ##  Fox Animation
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGTE-TV.html  ##  WGTE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Cinema--24.html  ##  Sky Cinema +24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Cote-dAzur.html  ##  France 3 CÃ´te d'Azur
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WENY-DT-2.html  ##  WENY-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/JTBC-Golf.html  ##  JTBC Golf
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Pays-de-la-Loire.html  ##  France 3 Pays de la Loire
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Daejeon-MBC.html  ##  Daejeon MBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCCT-TV.html  ##  WCCT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/High-4K.html  ##  High 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Verdes-Mares-Cariri.html  ##  TV Verdes Mares Cariri
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Da-Vinci-Learning-Asia.html  ##  Da Vinci Learning Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Sverige.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Sverige
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MyZen-Nature.html  ##  MyZen Nature
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMTR-TV.html  ##  KMTR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPDE-TV.html  ##  WPDE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Espana.html  ##  AMC EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Canal-Luz.html  ##  Canal Luz
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-3.html  ##  Sky Sport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Cono-Sur.html  ##  Fox Sports Cono Sur
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-West.html  ##  Disney Channel West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Ontario.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Ontario
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SBS-funE.html  ##  SBS funE
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RT-UK.html  ##  RT UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat-Sport-Extra.html  ##  Polsat Sport Extra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-India.html  ##  AXN India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXI-TV.html  ##  WFXI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Juwelo.html  ##  Juwelo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBBM-TV.html  ##  WBBM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKOP-TV.html  ##  WKOP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/TVN.html  ##  TVN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-7.html  ##  Sky Sport 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-11.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AFN-Sports.html  ##  AFN Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Syfy-West.html  ##  Syfy West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMYA-TV.html  ##  WMYA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Europe.html  ##  Fox Sports Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRCB-TV.html  ##  WRCB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTIV-TV.html  ##  KTIV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVPT-TV.html  ##  KVPT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Das-Erste.html  ##  Das Erste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-24.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-1.html  ##  CCTV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/RCN-TV.html  ##  RCN TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-5.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Dolce-Sport-1.html  ##  Dolce Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTTV-TV.html  ##  KTTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-3-South-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 3 South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGMB-TV.html  ##  KGMB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AandE-Deutschland.html  ##  A&E Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKPD-TV.html  ##  WKPD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Alsace.html  ##  France 3 Alsace
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Junior-France.html  ##  Disney Junior France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLFY-TV.html  ##  KLFY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Nash-Detektiv.html  ##  Nash Detektiv
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KARZ-TV.html  ##  KARZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Gaora-Sports.html  ##  Gaora Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-Cafe.html  ##  Zee CafÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUTP-TV.html  ##  KUTP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/QVC-US.html  ##  QVC US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHNT-TV.html  ##  WHNT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIFR-TV.html  ##  WIFR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMCN-TV.html  ##  WMCN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-Tele-a-la-carte-HD-4.html  ##  Vu! TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte HD 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/RTBF-La-Une.html  ##  RTBF La Une
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Mexico.html  ##  Fox Life MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Colors-Infinity.html  ##  Colors Infinity
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/MusiquePlus.html  ##  MusiquePlus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUNI-TV.html  ##  WUNI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Hits.html  ##  MTV Hits
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-Mix.html  ##  Sky Sports Mix
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Videoland-HD.html  ##  Videoland HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNIC-CA.html  ##  KNIC-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Telenovela.html  ##  Telenovela
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Action-Brasil.html  ##  Fox Action Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uy/VTV-.html  ##  VTV+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TV-Land-East.html  ##  TV Land East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Primafila-7.html  ##  Sky Primafila 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Worldmate.html  ##  Worldmate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Music-Air.html  ##  Music Air
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-5-Nigeria.html  ##  SuperSport 5 Nigeria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-Oilers.html  ##  SportsNet Oilers
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Shandong-TV.html  ##  Shandong TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/KTV-2.html  ##  KTV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFWD-TV.html  ##  KFWD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPCH-TV-Canada.html  ##  WPCH-TV Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Deutschland.html  ##  Comedy Central Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mm/Sky-Net-Movies-HD.html  ##  Sky Net Movies HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TRT-4K.html  ##  TRT 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Kids-and-Family-East.html  ##  Starz Kids & Family East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-9.html  ##  Showcase HD 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Space-Chile.html  ##  Space Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBGH-CA.html  ##  WBGH-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tz/Barmedas-TV.html  ##  Barmedas TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-Austria.html  ##  RTL Austria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFSF-TV.html  ##  KFSF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/ZDF.html  ##  ZDF
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Tata-Sky-Comedy.html  ##  Tata Sky Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Denmark.html  ##  Discovery Channel Denmark
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Alquiler-HD.html  ##  Alquiler HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXTQ-CA.html  ##  KXTQ-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Local-Keiba-9-1.html  ##  Local Keiba 9 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMHT-TV.html  ##  WMHT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Tianjin-TV.html  ##  Tianjin TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXXV-DT-2.html  ##  KXXV-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Yes-Network.html  ##  Yes Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Tyne-Tees.html  ##  ITV Tyne Tees
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Cinema-on-demand-1.html  ##  Cosmote Cinema on demand 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPTO-TV.html  ##  WPTO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Aquitaine.html  ##  France 3 Aquitaine
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Star-Bollywood.html  ##  Star Bollywood
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/YTN-Weather.html  ##  YTN Weather
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/ATV-HD.html  ##  ATV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sun-Music.html  ##  Sun Music
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/HSE-24.html  ##  HSE 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/OBS.html  ##  OBS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTCA-TV.html  ##  KTCA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/OBS-W.html  ##  OBS W
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Videoland-Japan.html  ##  Videoland Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-13.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 13
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-World-HD-Middle-East.html  ##  Star World HD Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Rio-Sul.html  ##  TV Rio Sul
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Tetsudo-Channel.html  ##  Tetsudo Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/BNT-HD.html  ##  BNT HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Brasil-Este.html  ##  HBO Brasil Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WABG-DT-2.html  ##  WABG-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Primafila-3.html  ##  Sky Primafila 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-6.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMTV-TV.html  ##  KMTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Cultura-Nacional.html  ##  TV Cultura Nacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/lu/RTL-9.html  ##  RTL 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Universal-Channel-Asia.html  ##  Universal Channel Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Rey-de-Salem.html  ##  Rey de Salem
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-11.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Calcio-4.html  ##  Sky Calcio 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Ekhbariya-TV.html  ##  Ekhbariya TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Showcase-HD.html  ##  Discovery Showcase HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQHS-TV.html  ##  WQHS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTAT-TV.html  ##  WTAT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Philippines.html  ##  AXN Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Max-9.html  ##  BeIn Sports Max 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/One.html  ##  One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/De-Pelicula.html  ##  De PelÃ­cula
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-11.html  ##  Sky Sport 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Espana.html  ##  Comedy Central EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/One-HD-31.html  ##  One HD 31
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Variety-Two-HD.html  ##  Variety Two HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Japan.html  ##  AXN Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Action.html  ##  MovieSmart Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KALB-TV.html  ##  KALB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSPR-TV.html  ##  KSPR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Atlantic--1.html  ##  Sky Atlantic +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSTR-TV.html  ##  KSTR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Film-Zone-Oeste.html  ##  Film Zone Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMAO-TV.html  ##  WMAO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Ohio.html  ##  Fox Sports Ohio
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Chicago.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Chicago
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Uno--24.html  ##  Sky Cinema Uno +24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Sverige.html  ##  TLC Sverige
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYCW-TV.html  ##  WYCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-Deutschland.html  ##  Boomerang Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Series-Xtra.html  ##  Movistar Series Xtra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-13.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 13
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Middle-East.html  ##  FX Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNBD-LD.html  ##  WNBD-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Super-TV-2.html  ##  Super TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEAR-TV.html  ##  WEAR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Extreme-West.html  ##  Showtime Extreme West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXJ-TV.html  ##  WPXJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Est-du-Quebec.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Est du QuÃ©bec
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Antena-3.html  ##  Antena 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Uno.html  ##  Sky Cinema Uno
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOSA-TV.html  ##  KOSA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KTV.html  ##  KTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Estrenos.html  ##  Movistar Estrenos
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/HR-Fernsehen.html  ##  HR Fernsehen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Plus-Oeste.html  ##  HBO Plus Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-2-Czechia.html  ##  Sport 2 Czechia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Teledom.html  ##  Teledom
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/Sports-5.html  ##  Sports 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/Living.html  ##  Living
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-TV.html  ##  Abu Dhabi TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-Montreal.html  ##  Global TV Montreal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Four.html  ##  BBC Four
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEDU-TV.html  ##  WEDU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Manitoba.html  ##  CBC Manitoba
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/EI-Maxx-2.html  ##  EI Maxx 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Romania.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/CTI-TV-Asia.html  ##  CTI TV Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bh/Bahrain-TV.html  ##  Bahrain TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCMZ-TV.html  ##  WCMZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/FTV.html  ##  FTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/SET-Russia.html  ##  SET Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/AniPlus-HD.html  ##  AniPlus HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLS-Direct-Kick.html  ##  MLS Direct Kick
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Animax-Asia.html  ##  Animax Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/SuperSport-6.html  ##  SuperSport 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KQFX-LD.html  ##  KQFX-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-France.html  ##  Disney Channel France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUNK-TV.html  ##  WUNK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-West.html  ##  SportsNet West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Turkey.html  ##  Fox Sports Turkey
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLUZ-TV.html  ##  KLUZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/TVD-Momo.html  ##  TVD Momo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSWP-TV.html  ##  WSWP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/W9.html  ##  W9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTC-HD-2.html  ##  VTC HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGTU-TV.html  ##  WGTU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HGTV-East.html  ##  HGTV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Caza-y-Pesca.html  ##  Caza y Pesca
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVN-7.html  ##  TVN 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSMV-DT-2.html  ##  WSMV-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDAF-TV.html  ##  WDAF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKYT-TV.html  ##  WKYT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Univision-Oeste.html  ##  UnivisiÃ³n Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/BBTV-Channel-7.html  ##  BBTV Channel 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Life-TV.html  ##  Life TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUVE-CA.html  ##  KUVE-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Alsharqiya-TV.html  ##  Alsharqiya TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDRV-TV.html  ##  KDRV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/eg/Fatafeat.html  ##  Fatafeat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-Nederland.html  ##  Eurosport 2 Nederland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-SAB-TV-India.html  ##  Sony SAB TV India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCAX-TV.html  ##  WCAX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSYM-TV.html  ##  WSYM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Cinema-East.html  ##  Starz Cinema East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNBC-US.html  ##  CNBC US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Qatar-TV.html  ##  Qatar TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMBC-TV.html  ##  KMBC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNYF-CD.html  ##  WNYF-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Canal---Film.html  ##  Canal + Film
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Playboy-TV-Korea.html  ##  Playboy TV Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/NDR-Fernsehen-Schleswig-Holstein.html  ##  NDR Fernsehen Schleswig-Holstein
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-LaLiga-2.html  ##  BeIn Sports LaLiga 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Family-Este.html  ##  Fox Family Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-2-Indonesia.html  ##  BeIn Sports 2 Indonesia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/TV-Asahi-Channel-1.html  ##  TV Asahi Channel 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTFT-LP.html  ##  KTFT-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Stadium-4.html  ##  Stadium 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBKO-DT-2.html  ##  WBKO-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Taraf-TV.html  ##  Taraf TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Prima.html  ##  Prima
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HDNet-Movies.html  ##  HDNet Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUPA-TV.html  ##  WUPA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/55-Channel.html  ##  55 Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Playboy-TV-USA.html  ##  Playboy TV USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/One-World-Sports.html  ##  One World Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Italia.html  ##  Fox Life Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Esports-TV.html  ##  Esports TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXII-DT-3.html  ##  KXII-DT 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/America.html  ##  AmÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-Sao-Paulo.html  ##  Band SÃ£o Paulo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTV-6.html  ##  VTV 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ch/RTS-Un.html  ##  RTS Un
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Canal-Capital.html  ##  Canal Capital
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/SJTV.html  ##  SJTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDSI-TV.html  ##  WDSI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/SoHo-New-Zealand.html  ##  SoHo New Zealand
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TVA-Sports.html  ##  TVA Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Ottawa.html  ##  CTV Ottawa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-West.html  ##  Food Network West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/TV-Series.html  ##  TV SÃ©ries
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLEW-TV.html  ##  KLEW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNEO-TV.html  ##  WNEO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2.html  ##  TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/I-Cable-HD-203.html  ##  I-Cable HD 203
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-2.html  ##  CT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-II.html  ##  RTL II
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/NDR-Fernsehen-Niedersachsen.html  ##  NDR Fernsehen Niedersachsen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYDC.html  ##  WYDC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGCW-TV.html  ##  KGCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Stadium-1.html  ##  Stadium 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Fight-Network.html  ##  Fight Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-4.html  ##  SuperSport 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Kansas-City-Alternate.html  ##  Fox Sports Kansas City Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Food Network LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cooking-Channel.html  ##  Cooking Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Earth-Romania.html  ##  BBC Earth Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Beauty-iQ.html  ##  Beauty iQ
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLUK-TV.html  ##  WLUK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Nova-Cinema-3.html  ##  Nova Cinema 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/SBS-Queensland.html  ##  SBS Queensland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-2.html  ##  France 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/KTV-Ethraa.html  ##  KTV Ethraa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTUZ-TV.html  ##  KTUZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Action-2.html  ##  Moviemax Action 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KASN-TV.html  ##  KASN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Iberia.html  ##  Nickelodeon Iberia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  Animal Planet Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWDT-CD.html  ##  WWDT-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPBS-TV.html  ##  WPBS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-Tele-a-la-carte-HD-0.html  ##  Vu! TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte HD 0
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Film-Premiere.html  ##  Viasat Film Premiere
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Tata-Sky-4K.html  ##  Tata Sky 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFDA-TV.html  ##  KFDA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Spike-TV-Caribbean.html  ##  Spike TV Caribbean
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Scandinavia.html  ##  National Geographic Scandinavia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/Nhac-Tre.html  ##  Nhac Tre
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Calcio-6.html  ##  Sky Calcio 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Miniplex.html  ##  Miniplex
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KKFX-TV.html  ##  KKFX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Spike-TV-Canada.html  ##  Spike TV Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Family-Channel-Africa.html  ##  Discovery Family Channel Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLCW-TV.html  ##  KLCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Globo-Internacional-Japao.html  ##  TV Globo Internacional JapÃ£o
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Pac-12-Networks-Alternate.html  ##  Pac-12 Networks Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKOH-TV.html  ##  WKOH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Alibi-UK.html  ##  Alibi UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Me-TV.html  ##  Me TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rai-Sport-1.html  ##  Rai Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-1-Czechia.html  ##  Sport 1 Czechia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fi/MTV-3.html  ##  MTV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-CBS-Entertainment-Philippines.html  ##  RTL CBS Entertainment Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bd/Gaan-Bangla.html  ##  Gaan Bangla
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXLY-TV.html  ##  KXLY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Syfy-Middle-East.html  ##  Syfy Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-III.html  ##  ORF III
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIDY-TV.html  ##  KIDY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Explora.html  ##  Explora
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/24-Kitchen-Srbija.html  ##  24 Kitchen Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kz/Balapan.html  ##  Balapan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-1-Severni-Morava.html  ##  CT 1 SevernÃ­ Morava
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Tachikawa-and-Seibuen-Keirin-Channel.html  ##  Tachikawa & Seibuen Keirin Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-Movie-Channel-Xtra-West.html  ##  The Movie Channel Xtra West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Azteca-Siete-Mexico-City.html  ##  Azteca Siete Mexico City
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGN-TV.html  ##  WGN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-PetPark.html  ##  Sky PetPark
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSOC-TV.html  ##  WSOC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTTU-TV.html  ##  KTTU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2-Sportskanalen.html  ##  TV 2 Sportskanalen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/SporTV-2.html  ##  SporTV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hustler-HD-USA.html  ##  Hustler HD USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCMH-TV.html  ##  WCMH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-1-Cechy.html  ##  CT 1 Cechy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-One.html  ##  Sony One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Alaraby-TV-2.html  ##  Alaraby TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFTY-TV.html  ##  WFTY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---France-clair-Fransat.html  ##  Canal + France clair Fransat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Cinema.html  ##  Sky Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Nordnytt.html  ##  NRK 1 Nordnytt
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Brasil.html  ##  National Geographic Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/Al-Majlis-TV.html  ##  Al-Majlis TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Telemax.html  ##  Telemax
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Novasports-1.html  ##  Novasports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rai-Movie.html  ##  Rai Movie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/My-Cinema-Europe.html  ##  My Cinema Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLRT-TV.html  ##  KLRT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVCW-DT-2.html  ##  KVCW-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC.html  ##  MBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNEU-TV.html  ##  WNEU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bh/Bahrain-Sports-Channel-2.html  ##  Bahrain Sports Channel 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-6.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Crime-Japan.html  ##  Fox Crime Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Super-Ecran-2.html  ##  Super Ãcran 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Extreme-Sports-Channel.html  ##  Extreme Sports Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-One.html  ##  Zee One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TCM-Cinema.html  ##  TCM CinÃ©ma
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-Middle-East.html  ##  E! Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-Italia.html  ##  Disney XD Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Canal-22-Internacional.html  ##  Canal 22 Internacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TV-5-Monde-Maghreb-Orient.html  ##  TV 5 Monde Maghreb-Orient
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Inter-TV-Vales-de-Minas-Gerais.html  ##  Inter TV Vales de Minas Gerais
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Ushuaia-TV.html  ##  UshuaÃ¯a TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bb/Gone-Viral-Music.html  ##  Gone Viral Music
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXNW-TV.html  ##  KXNW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Golf-Danmark.html  ##  C More Golf Danmark
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDFX-TV.html  ##  WDFX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIVB-TV.html  ##  WIVB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/LEquipe.html  ##  L'Ãquipe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/M2.html  ##  M2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSMS-TV.html  ##  KSMS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTXL-TV.html  ##  WTXL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-3-America-Latina.html  ##  ESPN 3 AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Antena-3.html  ##  Antena 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Alternate.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Saskatoon-Prince-Albert.html  ##  CTV Saskatoon Prince Albert
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNN-International-Europe.html  ##  CNN International Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Premium-Cinema.html  ##  Premium Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Playboy-Channel-Japan.html  ##  Playboy Channel Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Veracidad-Channel.html  ##  Veracidad Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHET-TV.html  ##  KHET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Venus.html  ##  Venus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Manoto.html  ##  Manoto
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTMJ-TV.html  ##  WTMJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NESN-Providence.html  ##  NESN Providence
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-13.html  ##  Sukachan 13
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-13-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 13 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDFI-TV.html  ##  KDFI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/RTL-7.html  ##  RTL 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bloomberg-TV-US.html  ##  Bloomberg TV US
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-10.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCWI-TV.html  ##  KCWI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KJZZ-TV.html  ##  KJZZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXX-TV.html  ##  WPXX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMBD-TV.html  ##  WMBD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFOX-TV.html  ##  KFOX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Guangdong-Satellite-TV.html  ##  Guangdong Satellite TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/si/TV-Slovenija-2.html  ##  TV Slovenija 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TV-Net.html  ##  TV Net
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBYU-TV.html  ##  KBYU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Mediaspar-TV-HD.html  ##  Mediaspar TV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Nova-Cinema-2.html  ##  Nova Cinema 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-5-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 5 Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCEN-DT.html  ##  KCEN-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-Canada.html  ##  Disney XD Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVIA-TV.html  ##  KVIA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FM.html  ##  FM
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Inet-TV.html  ##  Inet-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-5.html  ##  Cosmote Sport 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOHL-CD.html  ##  WOHL-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/QVC-Plus-Deutschland.html  ##  QVC Plus Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMFP-TV.html  ##  WMFP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTRK-TV.html  ##  KTRK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCIT-TV.html  ##  KCIT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMPX-TV.html  ##  KMPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Dtour.html  ##  Dtour
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNAB-TV.html  ##  WNAB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Atreseries.html  ##  Atreseries
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Sports-2.html  ##  OSN Sports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Japan-Leisure-Channel-685-HD.html  ##  Japan Leisure Channel 685 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMYU.html  ##  KMYU
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-Cinema-Asia.html  ##  Zee Cinema Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Toros-TV.html  ##  Toros TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTDO-TV.html  ##  KTDO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Australia.html  ##  FX Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Sharjah-TV.html  ##  Sharjah TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Hits-Latin-America.html  ##  MTV Hits Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Sports-1.html  ##  OSN Sports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Beyond.html  ##  Showtime Beyond
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRBJ-TV.html  ##  WRBJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Nederland.html  ##  HBO Nederland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCNY-TV.html  ##  WCNY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MSNBC.html  ##  MSNBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTXL-TV.html  ##  KTXL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Warner-TV-Philippines.html  ##  Warner TV Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-2-Latin-America.html  ##  Fox Sports 2 Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSYR-TV.html  ##  WSYR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Fotboll.html  ##  Viasat Fotboll
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Heilongjiang-TV.html  ##  Heilongjiang TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Latino-Oeste.html  ##  HBO Latino Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TV-4.html  ##  TV 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Korea.html  ##  History Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Unis-TV-Ouest.html  ##  Unis TV Ouest
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Billiards-TV.html  ##  Billiards TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWKT-TV.html  ##  KWKT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSFY-TV.html  ##  KSFY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/RDS.html  ##  RDS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Asia-Movie-HD.html  ##  Asia Movie HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TV-Breizh.html  ##  TV Breizh
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/NTV-Plus.html  ##  NTV Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KION-TV.html  ##  KION-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Ideal-TV.html  ##  Ideal TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Channel-4-London.html  ##  Channel 4 London
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Montreal.html  ##  CTV Montreal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/zw/Zim-Docs.html  ##  Zim Docs
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-Pix.html  ##  Sony Pix
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/XETV-TV.html  ##  XETV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUON-TV.html  ##  KUON-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/PPV-7.html  ##  PPV 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBMT-TV.html  ##  KBMT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Saudi-2.html  ##  Saudi 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MundoFox-Latinoamerica.html  ##  MundoFox LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-North-East.html  ##  Eurosport 2 North-East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-West.html  ##  MTV West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRSP-TV.html  ##  WRSP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/NBT-TV.html  ##  NBT TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zoom.html  ##  Zoom
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/TrueSport-HD-3.html  ##  TrueSport HD 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Border-England.html  ##  ITV Border England
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Drama-and-Romance.html  ##  Sky Cinema Drama & Romance
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-TV-Sao-Paulo.html  ##  Rede TV! SÃ£o Paulo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/DATV.html  ##  DATV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Stars-HD.html  ##  Moviemax Stars HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/The-Fishing-and-Hunting-Channel.html  ##  The Fishing & Hunting Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVC-TV.html  ##  WTVC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-First-Home-of-HBO.html  ##  OSN First Home of HBO
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Catholic-TV.html  ##  Catholic TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-UK.html  ##  Boomerang UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/UTV-Ireland.html  ##  UTV Ireland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXMC-TV.html  ##  KXMC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVM-TV.html  ##  KTVM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Classics-Latin-America.html  ##  Fox Classics Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/5-Sport-HD.html  ##  5 Sport HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-West.html  ##  NBC West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-Premium-TV.html  ##  NBA Premium TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/N-Sport--.html  ##  N Sport +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RZD-TV.html  ##  RZD TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/D2h-Hollywood.html  ##  D2h Hollywood
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Ziggo-Sport-Select.html  ##  Ziggo Sport Select
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-Nederland.html  ##  Disney XD Nederland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHQA-TV.html  ##  KHQA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RPC-TV-Maringa.html  ##  RPC TV MaringÃ¡
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RBB-Brandenburg.html  ##  RBB Brandenburg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-Action.html  ##  Zee Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ng/Channels-TV.html  ##  Channels TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HLN-International.html  ##  HLN International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Amazonica.html  ##  Rede AmazÃ´nica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Golf-Channel-US-Alternate.html  ##  Golf Channel US Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Match-Futbol-2.html  ##  Match! Futbol 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-Healing.html  ##  Sky Healing
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KETV-TV.html  ##  KETV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNYO-TV.html  ##  WNYO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Canada.html  ##  National Geographic Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVA-TV.html  ##  WTVA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-3.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/SBT-Rio.html  ##  SBT Rio
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Series.html  ##  C More Series
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCWN-TV.html  ##  WCWN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-7.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-10.html  ##  NBA League Pass 10
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/PSI-Saradee.html  ##  PSI Saradee
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-2-Australia.html  ##  Fox Sports 2 Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-Drama.html  ##  KBS Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/360-TV.html  ##  360 TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/AFP-TV.html  ##  AFP TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-7.html  ##  Cosmote Sport 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGME-TV.html  ##  WGME-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-18.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 18
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Film-Zone-Este.html  ##  Film Zone Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/USA-Network-West.html  ##  USA Network West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGTV-TV.html  ##  KGTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Japan.html  ##  Animal Planet Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-6.html  ##  CCTV 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJFW-TV.html  ##  WJFW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/VTM.html  ##  VTM
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Kids-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  Discovery Kids Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Wah-Lai-Toi.html  ##  Astro Wah Lai Toi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RT-D.html  ##  RT D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DMAX-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  DMAX Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/af/Lemar-TV.html  ##  Lemar TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIYE-LD.html  ##  WIYE-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Crime---Investigation-Network-USA.html  ##  Crime + Investigation Network USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KETK-TV.html  ##  KETK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Yoopa.html  ##  Yoopa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/TrueSport-HD-4.html  ##  TrueSport HD 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Globo-News.html  ##  Globo News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Mirante-Imperatriz.html  ##  TV Mirante Imperatriz
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTTW-TV.html  ##  KTTW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/APTN-Direct.html  ##  APTN Direct
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBKO.html  ##  WBKO
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEVV-TV.html  ##  WEVV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-East.html  ##  Nickelodeon East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-4.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MyZen-TV.html  ##  MyZen TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-Alternativo.html  ##  Band Alternativo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Max-8.html  ##  BeIn Sports Max 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Antena-1.html  ##  Antena 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTLE-LP.html  ##  KTLE-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WACY-TV.html  ##  WACY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Sports-24.html  ##  Sky Sports 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/J-Sports-2.html  ##  J Sports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKMG-TV.html  ##  WKMG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Milan-TV.html  ##  Milan TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVDA-TV.html  ##  KVDA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-15-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 15 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies-Family.html  ##  OSN Movies Family
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Bollywood-TV.html  ##  Bollywood TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFTA-TV.html  ##  KFTA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-1-Hungary.html  ##  Sport 1 Hungary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/eg/On-E.html  ##  On E
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Action-Oeste.html  ##  Fox Action Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/SVT-24.html  ##  SVT 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/CTV.html  ##  CTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Da-Vinci-Learning.html  ##  Da Vinci Learning
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/AB-Moteurs.html  ##  AB Moteurs
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Colors.html  ##  Colors
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Teleantioquia.html  ##  Teleantioquia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Movies-3-HD.html  ##  BeIn Movies 3 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sport-1-.html  ##  Sport 1+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Midi-Pyrenees.html  ##  France 3 Midi-PyrÃ©nÃ©es
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDEF-TV.html  ##  WDEF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Film-Zone-Chile.html  ##  Film Zone Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSRE-TV.html  ##  WSRE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Arirang-Korea.html  ##  Arirang Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sprout.html  ##  Sprout
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLPA-TV.html  ##  KLPA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Film-Europe.html  ##  Film Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KJWP.html  ##  KJWP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGEB-TV.html  ##  KGEB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MaxSmart-Premium-HD.html  ##  MaxSmart Premium HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Game-One.html  ##  Game One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/More-4-UK.html  ##  More 4 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSWT.html  ##  KSWT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Calcio-2.html  ##  Sky Calcio 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Samrujlok.html  ##  Samrujlok
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Brasil.html  ##  FX Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-West.html  ##  Animal Planet West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLTX-TV.html  ##  WLTX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJTV-TV.html  ##  WJTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat-News.html  ##  Polsat News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/HSE-24-Extra.html  ##  HSE 24 Extra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYTX-TV.html  ##  KYTX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/Sinda-TV.html  ##  Sinda TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVSN-DT.html  ##  KVSN-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Sports-16.html  ##  Sky Sports 16
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WREX-TV.html  ##  WREX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSNV-TV.html  ##  KSNV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Blockbuster-Studio.html  ##  Blockbuster Studio
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Telecine-Touch.html  ##  Telecine Touch
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUVP-TV.html  ##  WUVP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Telecine-Pipoca.html  ##  Telecine Pipoca
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Net-5.html  ##  Net 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kh/CTV-8.html  ##  CTV 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Italia.html  ##  Fox Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/C-Music-TV.html  ##  C Music TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/PPV-Event-Pre-Order-1.html  ##  PPV Event Pre-Order 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Inter-TV-Costa-Branca.html  ##  Inter TV Costa Branca
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ION-TV-Pacific.html  ##  ION TV Pacific
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Eisei-Gekijo.html  ##  Eisei Gekijo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Playboy-TV-Latin-America.html  ##  Playboy TV Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Green-Channel.html  ##  Green Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYPX-TV.html  ##  WYPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUSA-TV.html  ##  KUSA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAXN-TV.html  ##  WAXN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Thai-PBS.html  ##  Thai PBS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Kino-Barrandov.html  ##  Kino Barrandov
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIRO-TV.html  ##  KIRO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Sports-1.html  ##  Sky Sports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-World-Premiere-HD.html  ##  Star World Premiere HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/AniPlus-Korea.html  ##  AniPlus Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Boomerang-South-East-Asia.html  ##  Boomerang South East Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMAR-TV.html  ##  WMAR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAKM-TV.html  ##  KAKM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLTS-TV.html  ##  KLTS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-3-Latin-America.html  ##  Fox Sports 3 Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWCP-TV.html  ##  WWCP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Sportro.html  ##  Sport.ro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Zone-East.html  ##  HBO Zone East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-5.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Canal---Sport-2-Polska.html  ##  Canal + Sport 2 Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Oeste.html  ##  AXN Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLAX-TV.html  ##  KLAX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FilmBox-Extra-HD.html  ##  FilmBox Extra HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Go-Shop-Chinese.html  ##  Go Shop Chinese
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-Highlights.html  ##  Cosmote Sport Highlights
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-East.html  ##  Showtime East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/Mzansi-Magic.html  ##  Mzansi Magic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TVA-Montreal.html  ##  TVA MontrÃ©al
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJCL-TV.html  ##  WJCL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/PixL.html  ##  PixL
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-HD-Asia.html  ##  AXN HD Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLAX-TV.html  ##  WLAX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIMT-TV.html  ##  KIMT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDAZ-TV.html  ##  WDAZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-2-Austria.html  ##  RTL 2 Austria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WACP.html  ##  WACP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Big-Ten-Network-Alternate.html  ##  Big Ten Network Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sundance-TV-East.html  ##  Sundance TV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVTM-TV.html  ##  WVTM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-World-News-Asia-Pacific.html  ##  BBC World News Asia Pacific
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVCR-TV.html  ##  KVCR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Hockey.html  ##  C More Hockey
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KARE-TV.html  ##  KARE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-Extra-America-Latina.html  ##  ESPN Extra AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WZDX-TV.html  ##  WZDX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Footy.html  ##  Fox Footy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sophia-TV-Spanisch.html  ##  Sophia TV Spanisch
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Atlantic-Halifax.html  ##  CTV Atlantic Halifax
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-Italia.html  ##  Eurosport 2 Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQLN-TV.html  ##  WQLN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-SuperSport.html  ##  Astro SuperSport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSTR-TV.html  ##  WSTR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Jawa-Pos-TV.html  ##  Jawa Pos TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Blue-Movie-HD.html  ##  Blue Movie HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Planete---Polska.html  ##  Planete + Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Canada-1.html  ##  HBO Canada 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-Edmonton.html  ##  Global TV Edmonton
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Russkiy-Roman.html  ##  Russkiy Roman
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/SBS-6.html  ##  SBS 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Olive.html  ##  O'live
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPTV-TV.html  ##  WPTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Music-24.html  ##  Music 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Science-Middle-East.html  ##  Discovery Science Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Ohio-Cleveland.html  ##  Fox Sports Ohio Cleveland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXOF-CA.html  ##  KXOF-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Eroxxx-HD.html  ##  Eroxxx HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNOL-TV.html  ##  WNOL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/New-Vision.html  ##  New Vision
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLPX-TV.html  ##  WLPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Leafs-TV.html  ##  Leafs TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Ceskoslovensko.html  ##  Ceskoslovensko
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/El-Trece-Satelital.html  ##  El Trece Satelital
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Tele-a-la-carte-2.html  ##  TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMTW-TV.html  ##  WMTW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-Tele-a-la-carte-HD-7.html  ##  Vu! TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte HD 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Explore-East.html  ##  Viasat Explore East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Europe.html  ##  Animal Planet Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLTV-TV.html  ##  KLTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Turbo-America-Latina.html  ##  Discovery Turbo AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Freeform-West.html  ##  Freeform West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Family-Jr.html  ##  Family Jr
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVN-Style.html  ##  TVN Style
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Italia.html  ##  Discovery Channel Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Digi-Sport-2-Romania.html  ##  Digi Sport 2 Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-2-Central-Europe.html  ##  HBO 2 Central Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Lejel-Home-Shopping-Cicilan-Tunai.html  ##  Lejel Home Shopping Cicilan Tunai
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNN-USA.html  ##  CNN USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-2.html  ##  Showcase HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-2.html  ##  BeIn Sports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/N1-Srbija.html  ##  N1 Srbija
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-5.html  ##  Yes 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Peace-TV-Urdu.html  ##  Peace TV Urdu
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUPX-TV.html  ##  KUPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Gold.html  ##  MovieSmart Gold
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KZJO-TV.html  ##  KZJO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/af/Tolo-TV.html  ##  Tolo TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Canal-Sony-Oeste.html  ##  Canal Sony Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Mplex.html  ##  Mplex
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/24-Kitchen-Portugal.html  ##  24 Kitchen Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Family-Asia.html  ##  HBO Family Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPBT-TV.html  ##  WPBT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTSM-TV.html  ##  KTSM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WALA-TV.html  ##  WALA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Tiji.html  ##  Tiji
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTCI-TV.html  ##  KTCI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-World-HD-India.html  ##  Star World HD India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/El-Rey-East.html  ##  El Rey East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFJX-TV.html  ##  KFJX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Onzeo.html  ##  OnzÃ©o
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHAM-TV.html  ##  WHAM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVIA-TV.html  ##  WVIA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Deutschland.html  ##  Animal Planet Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TeenNick-West.html  ##  TeenNick West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-9-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 9 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Peace-TV-English.html  ##  Peace TV English
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-HD-Theater.html  ##  Discovery HD Theater
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUTR.html  ##  WUTR
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCAU-TV.html  ##  KCAU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mm/4-HD.html  ##  4 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mn/SPS-World.html  ##  SPS World
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVB-TV.html  ##  KTVB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Esquire-West.html  ##  Esquire West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Warner-Channel-Mexico.html  ##  Warner Channel MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Film-1-Premiere.html  ##  Film 1 Premiere
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-West.html  ##  Comedy Central West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-5.html  ##  Optus Sport 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Sharqiya-TV.html  ##  Sharqiya TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBIQ-TV.html  ##  WBIQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-W.html  ##  KBS W
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-7.html  ##  Optus Sport 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXE-TV.html  ##  KPXE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Saskatchewan.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Saskatchewan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/QVC-Japan.html  ##  QVC Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bravo-East.html  ##  Bravo East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTEN-TV.html  ##  KTEN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Two-Barrie.html  ##  CTV Two Barrie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Norte.html  ##  Nickelodeon Norte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSBW-DT-2.html  ##  KSBW-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Encore-West.html  ##  Starz Encore West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFAA-TV.html  ##  WFAA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Syfy-Deutschland.html  ##  Syfy Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/TVR-HD.html  ##  TVR HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFTV-TV.html  ##  KFTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Select-HD.html  ##  Sky Select HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Panico.html  ##  PÃ¡nico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-5.html  ##  NBA League Pass 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Italia.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Prima--1.html  ##  Prima +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WETM-TV.html  ##  WETM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/Arena-Sport-5.html  ##  Arena Sport 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Women.html  ##  Showtime Women
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Cricket.html  ##  Astro Cricket
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-Japan.html  ##  Disney XD Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Cinema--1.html  ##  Sky Cinema +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDLH-TV.html  ##  KDLH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-White-Espana.html  ##  AXN White EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXIA-TV.html  ##  WXIA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNCN-TV.html  ##  WNCN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Movies-Greats.html  ##  Sky Movies Greats
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/KTV-Plus.html  ##  KTV Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Centre-Val-de-Loire.html  ##  France 3 Centre-Val de Loire
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-11.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCTI-TV.html  ##  WCTI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Network.html  ##  NFL Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Bay-Area-Plus-2.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Bay Area Plus 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Eden.html  ##  Eden
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Wow-TV.html  ##  Wow TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLIO-DT-2.html  ##  WLIO-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVBT-TV.html  ##  WVBT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/Al-Fallujah-TV.html  ##  Al Fallujah TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Classica-Europe.html  ##  Classica Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCHY-LP.html  ##  KCHY-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-News.html  ##  Zee News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTTC-TV.html  ##  KTTC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/Quoc-Hoi-TV.html  ##  Quoc Hoi TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYFF-TV.html  ##  WYFF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/TVN-Asia.html  ##  TVN Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nick-Jr-Latin-America.html  ##  Nick Jr Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCAL-TV.html  ##  KCAL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies--2.html  ##  OSN Movies +2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNN-Airport-Network.html  ##  CNN Airport Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSWG-DT.html  ##  WSWG-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TV-8.html  ##  TV 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/PFC.html  ##  PFC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinemax-Central-Europe.html  ##  Cinemax Central Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bloomberg-TV-Latin-America.html  ##  Bloomberg TV Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMGH-TV.html  ##  KMGH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WYDO-TV.html  ##  WYDO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBRA-TV.html  ##  WBRA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHTV-TV.html  ##  WHTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVZ-TV.html  ##  WTVZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJBF-TV.html  ##  WJBF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nick-Jr-UK.html  ##  Nick Jr UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Star-2.html  ##  Star 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/CJ-O-Shopping.html  ##  CJ O Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXR-TV.html  ##  KPXR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Atlantic-HD--1.html  ##  Sky Atlantic HD +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/zw/ZBC-TV.html  ##  ZBC TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Global.html  ##  BeIn Sports Global
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Northwest.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Northwest
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/SpoTV-Plus.html  ##  SpoTV Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/K-Star.html  ##  K Star
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNET-TV.html  ##  WNET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/World-TV.html  ##  World TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCHF-TV.html  ##  KCHF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Dubai-Racing-3.html  ##  Dubai Racing 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Azteca-US-Pacifico.html  ##  Azteca US PacÃ­fico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Nordic.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Nordic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRLK-TV.html  ##  WRLK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Asia-Dramatic-TV.html  ##  Asia Dramatic TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTXS-TV.html  ##  KTXS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Colors-Super.html  ##  Colors Super
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WITI-TV.html  ##  WITI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Asia-N.html  ##  Asia N
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Phoenix-Hong-Kong.html  ##  Phoenix Hong Kong
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGN-America-East.html  ##  WGN America East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/rs/RTS-HD.html  ##  RTS HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-Channel-Deutschland.html  ##  Sony Channel Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTOK-TV.html  ##  WTOK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Italia.html  ##  Fox Sports Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Mas-Chic-Estados-Unidos.html  ##  MÃ¡s Chic Estados Unidos
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJCT-TV.html  ##  WJCT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUPW-TV.html  ##  WUPW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Encore-Suspense-East.html  ##  Starz Encore Suspense East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Channel-J.html  ##  Channel J
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-Vancouver.html  ##  SportsNet Vancouver
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Da-Vinci-Learning-India.html  ##  Da Vinci Learning India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Golden-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Golden LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/TVB-Jade.html  ##  TVB Jade
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVN-24.html  ##  TVN 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gh/Zoe-TV.html  ##  Zoe TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Channel-CGV.html  ##  Channel CGV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLEX-TV.html  ##  WLEX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-Tegnsprak.html  ##  NRK TegnsprÃ¥k
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TVE.html  ##  TVE
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Buffalo-Sabres.html  ##  Buffalo Sabres
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXT-TV.html  ##  WFXT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/MuchMusic-Canada.html  ##  MuchMusic Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Travel-Channel.html  ##  Travel Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDLT-TV.html  ##  KDLT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-East.html  ##  Animal Planet East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Middle-East.html  ##  Disney Channel Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Now-Baogu.html  ##  Now Baogu
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-Tele-a-la-carte-HD-8.html  ##  Vu! TÃ©lÃ© Ã  la carte HD 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Iz-TV.html  ##  Iz TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXW-TV.html  ##  WPXW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFBB-TV.html  ##  KFBB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBCNet.html  ##  MBCNet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFLD-TV.html  ##  WFLD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCTS-TV.html  ##  KCTS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Stars-XXX-TV.html  ##  Stars XXX TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Serie.html  ##  TNT Serie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Planeta-Futbol.html  ##  Planeta FÃºtbol
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/LCP-TNT.html  ##  LCP TNT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Channel-Young.html  ##  Channel Young
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Golf-Channel-Latin-America.html  ##  Golf Channel Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDFW-TV.html  ##  KDFW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/JEI-Talent-TV.html  ##  JEI Talent TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/MDR-Fernsehen-Thuringen.html  ##  MDR Fernsehen ThÃ¼ringen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Poker-Central.html  ##  Poker Central
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WZVN-TV.html  ##  WZVN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXA-TV.html  ##  WPXA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Channel-Neco.html  ##  Channel Neco
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Mezzo-Live-HD.html  ##  Mezzo Live HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/Servus-TV-Deutschland.html  ##  Servus TV Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-Deutschland.html  ##  RTL Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Foxtel-Movies-Comedy.html  ##  Foxtel Movies Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Cine---Frisson.html  ##  Cine + Frisson
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-9.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Oxygen-East.html  ##  Oxygen East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/eg/Al-Nahar-TV.html  ##  Al-Nahar TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-Brasil.html  ##  ESPN Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TSN-3.html  ##  TSN 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Arte-TV.html  ##  Arte TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-HD-World-Northeast-Asia.html  ##  Discovery HD World Northeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Crime-HD-Asia.html  ##  Fox Crime HD Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/Joj-Family.html  ##  Joj Family
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-TEM-Sorocaba.html  ##  TV TEM Sorocaba
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Korea.html  ##  Disney Channel Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCCO-TV.html  ##  WCCO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/World-Business-Channel.html  ##  World Business Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/NRJ-Hits.html  ##  NRJ Hits
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/BS-TwellV.html  ##  BS TwellV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies-Action.html  ##  OSN Movies Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Sport-Plus.html  ##  Sky Sport Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HGTV-West.html  ##  HGTV West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/YTV-East.html  ##  YTV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGWN-TV.html  ##  KGWN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Pink-X.html  ##  Pink X
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/SoHo.html  ##  SoHo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJLA-TV.html  ##  WJLA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBCB-TV.html  ##  KBCB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TV-One.html  ##  TV One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLAS-TV.html  ##  KLAS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Polska.html  ##  National Geographic Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CMT-West.html  ##  CMT West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOTF-DT.html  ##  WOTF-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Lifestyle.html  ##  Lifestyle
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-5.html  ##  In Demand Team 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBIR-TV.html  ##  WBIR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Multishow.html  ##  Multishow
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-News-Network.html  ##  CBC News Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Acasa-TV.html  ##  Acasa TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/KMP-Channel.html  ##  KMP Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/CTime.html  ##  C'Time
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-TV-Nacional.html  ##  Rede TV! Nacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/News-7.html  ##  News 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/TV-3-Danmark.html  ##  TV 3 Danmark
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Latino-Norte.html  ##  MTV Latino Norte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCSD-TV.html  ##  KCSD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNYT-TV.html  ##  WNYT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-5.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Newfoundland-TV.html  ##  Newfoundland TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-Sport--.html  ##  ORF Sport +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/AnVien-HD.html  ##  AnVien HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/BFM-Business.html  ##  BFM Business
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-8.html  ##  Cosmote Sport 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KREN-TV.html  ##  KREN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-East.html  ##  TNT East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tm/Turkmenistan-Sport.html  ##  TÃ¼rkmenistan Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Premiere-1.html  ##  Sky Premiere 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXT-TV.html  ##  WPXT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fi/YLE-TV-2.html  ##  YLE TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Thaqafiya-TV.html  ##  Thaqafiya TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPWR-TV.html  ##  WPWR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MGM-HD-Russia.html  ##  MGM HD Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUSA-TV.html  ##  WUSA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Cool-TV.html  ##  Cool TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-BollyOne-HD.html  ##  Astro BollyOne HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-News-HQ-Ireland.html  ##  Sky Sports News HQ Ireland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WABW-TV.html  ##  WABW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Site-Seven-TV.html  ##  Site Seven TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bloomberg-HT.html  ##  Bloomberg HT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/ARTE-Francais.html  ##  ARTE FranÃ§ais
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-ICT.html  ##  Sky ICT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Chile.html  ##  National Geographic Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFUT-TV.html  ##  WFUT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/O-Channel.html  ##  O Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Eleven-Polska.html  ##  Eleven Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hr/Nova-TV.html  ##  Nova TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fusion.html  ##  Fusion
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFTT-TV.html  ##  WFTT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/Premier-Sports.html  ##  Premier Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WZTV-TV.html  ##  WZTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Rotana-Classic.html  ##  Rotana Classic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Vinmeen-HD.html  ##  Astro Vinmeen HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-3-Sport-HD.html  ##  TV 3 Sport HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Next-East.html  ##  Showtime Next East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAPA-DT-2.html  ##  WAPA-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/CJB.html  ##  CJB
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-Channel-Asia.html  ##  Sony Channel Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KERA-TV.html  ##  KERA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-Sports-6.html  ##  Abu Dhabi Sports 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TDN-Centroamerica.html  ##  TDN CentroamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGXA-TV.html  ##  WGXA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXIN-TV.html  ##  WXIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSAT-TV.html  ##  KSAT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVEC-TV.html  ##  WVEC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-1.html  ##  Star Sports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Tivibu-Spor-2.html  ##  Tivibu Spor 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Mystery.html  ##  AXN Mystery
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/SBS-Tasmania.html  ##  SBS Tasmania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-19.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 19
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSTC-TV.html  ##  KSTC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-News-Channel.html  ##  Fox News Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Sport-2.html  ##  Sky Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3.html  ##  France 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/MDR-Fernsehen-Sachsen.html  ##  MDR Fernsehen Sachsen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Encore.html  ##  ITV Encore
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/OCN-Series.html  ##  OCN Series
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIII-TV.html  ##  KIII-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBKB-TV.html  ##  WBKB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-art.html  ##  CT art
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-5-South-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 5 South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Arte-HD.html  ##  Sky Arte HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Encore-Action-East.html  ##  Starz Encore Action East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TRC-TV.html  ##  TRC TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Liaoning-TV.html  ##  Liaoning TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Dizimax-Sci-Fi.html  ##  Dizimax Sci-Fi
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DocuBox-HD.html  ##  DocuBox HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sundance-Channel-Brasil.html  ##  Sundance Channel Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/City-Montreal.html  ##  City Montreal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Maa-TV.html  ##  Maa TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWNY-TV.html  ##  WWNY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVMD-DT.html  ##  KVMD-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWE-Network.html  ##  WWE Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Knowledge-Australia.html  ##  BBC Knowledge Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-3.html  ##  Yes 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CBS-Europa.html  ##  CBS Europa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Digi-Sport-1-Slovakia.html  ##  Digi Sport 1 Slovakia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Newsmax-TV.html  ##  Newsmax TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-West.html  ##  Showtime West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Polska.html  ##  Disney Channel Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-4.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Family-HD.html  ##  Moviemax Family HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/CDF-Premium.html  ##  CDF Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-5.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLII-TV.html  ##  WLII-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-1.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Porto-Alegro.html  ##  RBS TV Porto Alegro
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPMT-TV.html  ##  WPMT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/KTV-Sport-Plus.html  ##  KTV Sport Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-HD-Business-TV-2.html  ##  Dish HD Business TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUSF-TV.html  ##  WUSF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Dizimax-Vice.html  ##  Dizimax Vice
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Viceland-East.html  ##  Viceland East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Tara-HD.html  ##  Tara HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dz/Echorouk-TV.html  ##  Echorouk TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSAV-TV.html  ##  WSAV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/360-Tune-Box.html  ##  360 Tune Box
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/OCS-City.html  ##  OCS City
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Crime---Investigation-Asia.html  ##  Crime + Investigation Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-France.html  ##  Discovery Channel France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Canal-Hollywood-Espana.html  ##  Canal Hollywood EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Plus-Latinoamerica.html  ##  HBO Plus LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-Classic-USA.html  ##  ESPN Classic USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/DiziSmart-Premium.html  ##  DiziSmart Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Casa.html  ##  Casa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/TVBS-News.html  ##  TVBS News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Beyond-East.html  ##  Showtime Beyond East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Norway.html  ##  Discovery Channel Norway
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-West.html  ##  Starz West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BT-Sport-1-in-Pubs.html  ##  BT Sport 1 in Pubs
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HTV.html  ##  HTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Space-Sur.html  ##  Space Sur
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Black-Portugal.html  ##  AXN Black Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/OCN.html  ##  OCN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/M-Tunes.html  ##  M Tunes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBSF-TV.html  ##  WBSF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sonnenklar-TV.html  ##  Sonnenklar TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWSI-TV.html  ##  WWSI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/EchoStar-Communications-Channel.html  ##  EchoStar Communications Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Movies-Now--.html  ##  Movies Now +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNBC-TV.html  ##  KNBC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Kids-Station.html  ##  Kids Station
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Rotana-Cinema.html  ##  Rotana Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Diva-Asia.html  ##  Diva Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Barrandov-Plus.html  ##  Barrandov Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Equidia-Life.html  ##  Equidia Life
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTV-1.html  ##  VTV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGO-TV.html  ##  KGO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CKSA-TV.html  ##  CKSA TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/Setanta-Sport-Evraziya.html  ##  Setanta Sport Evraziya
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bb/Gone-Viral-X-treme.html  ##  Gone Viral X-treme
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Saskatoon.html  ##  CTV Saskatoon
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/TV-Klan.html  ##  TV Klan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWBT-TV.html  ##  WWBT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTXD-TV.html  ##  KTXD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Rotana-Khalijia.html  ##  Rotana Khalijia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVT-TV.html  ##  KTVT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUVN-TV.html  ##  WUVN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/af/Tolo-News.html  ##  Tolo News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AWE-International.html  ##  AWE International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDFX-CA.html  ##  KDFX-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Italia-1.html  ##  Italia 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-Q-You.html  ##  The Q You
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Novasports-2.html  ##  Novasports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ThrillerMax-East.html  ##  ThrillerMax East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/ABC-1-SA.html  ##  ABC 1 SA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-UK.html  ##  MTV UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-2.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/TV-2-Fri.html  ##  TV 2 Fri
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNKY-TV.html  ##  WNKY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Clubbing-TV.html  ##  Clubbing TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXAN-TV.html  ##  KXAN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCES-TV.html  ##  WCES-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCEC-TV.html  ##  KCEC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-Select-HD-1.html  ##  Star Sports Select HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBNG-TV.html  ##  WBNG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Dream-and-Shopping.html  ##  Dream & Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/TSN-1.html  ##  TSN 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gt/NTV.html  ##  NTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RT-America.html  ##  RT America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Edge-East.html  ##  Starz Edge East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cinemax-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Cinemax LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/13eme-Rue.html  ##  13Ã¨me Rue
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBTV-TV.html  ##  WBTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSEE-DT-2.html  ##  WSEE-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Telepace.html  ##  Telepace
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLKY-TV.html  ##  WLKY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFDM-TV.html  ##  KFDM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUVI-TV.html  ##  KUVI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Sony-ESPN.html  ##  Sony ESPN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/SportsTime-Ohio.html  ##  SportsTime Ohio
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWPX-DT.html  ##  KWPX-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Planete---CI.html  ##  PlanÃ¨te + CI
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Amarin-34-HD.html  ##  Amarin 34 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGEM-DT-3.html  ##  WGEM-DT 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYAZ-TV.html  ##  KYAZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Litoral.html  ##  Record Litoral
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Atlantic-Moncton.html  ##  CTV Atlantic Moncton
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCPT-TV.html  ##  KCPT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Channel-Nine-Adelaide.html  ##  Channel Nine Adelaide
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2-Sport-Premium-5.html  ##  TV 2 Sport Premium 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-UHD.html  ##  Sky UHD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Cherry-Bomb-HD.html  ##  Cherry Bomb HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Las-Estrellas-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Las Estrellas LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-Sports.html  ##  Sky Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pe/Willax-TV.html  ##  Willax TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ba/Hayat.html  ##  Hayat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Adventure.html  ##  Adventure
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-CW-Plus-Central.html  ##  The CW Plus Central
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTRV-TV.html  ##  KTRV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMIZ-TV.html  ##  KMIZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNSC-TV.html  ##  WNSC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Tele-5.html  ##  Tele 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPAX-TV.html  ##  KPAX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Europe.html  ##  History Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSMO-TV.html  ##  KSMO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/GEB-America.html  ##  GEB America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FS1.html  ##  FS1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTLA-TV.html  ##  KTLA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Korea.html  ##  National Geographic Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/TVNZ-TV-One-Auckland.html  ##  TVNZ TV One Auckland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Wowow-Cinema.html  ##  Wowow Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/FSTV.html  ##  FSTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings-2.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Home-and-Entertainment.html  ##  Home & Entertainment
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/My-Destination-TV.html  ##  My Destination TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/UTV-Action-Telugu.html  ##  UTV Action Telugu
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/RTL-Nitro-Deutschland.html  ##  RTL Nitro Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Golden-Premier-2.html  ##  Golden Premier 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Colombia.html  ##  Fox Sports Colombia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-UK.html  ##  AMC UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hope-Channel-Deutsch.html  ##  Hope Channel Deutsch
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Cabo-Branco.html  ##  TV Cabo Branco
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sky-A-Sports--.html  ##  Sky A Sports +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-2.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOMU-DT-3.html  ##  KOMU-DT 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/We-TV-East.html  ##  We TV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Premium-Sport.html  ##  Premium Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCDO-TV.html  ##  KCDO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Philippines.html  ##  Disney Channel Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-2-Polska.html  ##  HBO 2 Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBUP.html  ##  WBUP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TV-5-Monde-Style-HD.html  ##  TV 5 Monde Style HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CFJC-TV.html  ##  CFJC TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDSE-TV.html  ##  WDSE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Mosaico-Cine-Sky-HD.html  ##  Mosaico Cine Sky HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWEX-TV.html  ##  KWEX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Russian-Musicbox.html  ##  Russian Musicbox
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Novasports-5.html  ##  Novasports 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Ya-Hala-Shabab.html  ##  OSN Ya Hala! Shabab
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Turkiye.html  ##  FX TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-8.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/GEM-Series.html  ##  GEM Series
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMYO-TV.html  ##  WMYO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MundoFox-USA.html  ##  MundoFox USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Nova-Cinema.html  ##  Nova Cinema
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/NRJ-12.html  ##  NRJ 12
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Russia.html  ##  Animal Planet Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MTN.html  ##  MTN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-News.html  ##  Sky Sport News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WITV-TV.html  ##  WITV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/Vox.html  ##  Vox
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-SuperCalcio.html  ##  Sky SuperCalcio
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Japanet-Channel-DX.html  ##  Japanet Channel DX
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVH-TV.html  ##  WTVH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat-Sport-Fight.html  ##  Polsat Sport Fight
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-2-West.html  ##  Showtime 2 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHPX-TV.html  ##  WHPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-Espana.html  ##  BeIn Sports EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KICU-TV.html  ##  KICU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOZJ-TV.html  ##  KOZJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/World-Fashion-Channel-Russia.html  ##  World Fashion Channel Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFMY-TV.html  ##  WFMY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Syfy-France.html  ##  Syfy France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIVT.html  ##  WIVT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Telecinco.html  ##  Telecinco
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/River.html  ##  River
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOKI-TV.html  ##  KOKI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFTX-TV.html  ##  WFTX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Animal Planet LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNTV-TV.html  ##  WNTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAKE-TV.html  ##  KAKE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Espana.html  ##  National Geographic EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXS-TV.html  ##  AXS TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Alquiler-2-HD.html  ##  Alquiler 2 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bloomberg-TV-Philippines.html  ##  Bloomberg TV Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Beijing-TV-Documentary.html  ##  Beijing TV Documentary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2-Sport-Premium-4.html  ##  TV 2 Sport Premium 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Nollywood-TV.html  ##  Nollywood TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Cine---Club.html  ##  Cine + Club
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Tivibu-Spor-3.html  ##  Tivibu Spor 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-12.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 12
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Match-Arena.html  ##  Match! Arena
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNLC-TV.html  ##  KNLC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Fanda.html  ##  Fanda
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Disney Channel LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sora-Otenki-Channel.html  ##  Sora Otenki Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Logo-East.html  ##  Logo East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/TV-Cine-1.html  ##  TV Cine 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tm/Turkmenistan.html  ##  TÃ¼rkmenistan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dallas-Mavericks.html  ##  Dallas Mavericks
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Premier-League-TV.html  ##  Premier League TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-6.html  ##  Sky Sport 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KESQ-TV.html  ##  KESQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-HD-Latin-America.html  ##  Fox Sports HD Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KKCO-TV.html  ##  KKCO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Dynamite-TV.html  ##  Dynamite TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Jeem-TV.html  ##  Jeem TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/India-News.html  ##  India News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CTV-Winnipeg.html  ##  CTV Winnipeg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WATM-TV.html  ##  WATM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCCI-TV.html  ##  KCCI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPHO-TV.html  ##  KPHO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/PX-TV.html  ##  PX TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime.html  ##  Showtime
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kh/PNN.html  ##  PNN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIEM-TV.html  ##  KIEM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Syfy-Asia.html  ##  Syfy Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/E-East.html  ##  E! East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Extreme.html  ##  Showtime Extreme
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVIZ-TV.html  ##  WVIZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-4.html  ##  In Demand Game 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Zone.html  ##  HBO Zone
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/Plus-HD.html  ##  Plus HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLOX-DT-2.html  ##  WLOX-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/K-Shopping.html  ##  K Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pe/ATV-.html  ##  ATV+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Motors-TV.html  ##  Motors TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-HD-World-India.html  ##  TLC HD World India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXTX.html  ##  WXTX
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-7.html  ##  NBA League Pass 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Nihon-Eiga-Senmon-Channel.html  ##  Nihon Eiga Senmon Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/K--1.html  ##  K+ 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Polska.html  ##  Comedy Central Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-16.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 16
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVUE-TV.html  ##  KVUE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Travel-and-Living-Italy.html  ##  Discovery Travel & Living Italy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGXA-DT-2.html  ##  WGXA-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVY-TV.html  ##  WTVY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Telemundo-Oeste.html  ##  Telemundo Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSVF-LD.html  ##  WSVF-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXO-TV.html  ##  KPXO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Foxtel-Movies-Action.html  ##  Foxtel Movies Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Kanal-9.html  ##  Kanal 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHBQ-TV.html  ##  WHBQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/C-SPAN-3.html  ##  C-SPAN 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVR-TV.html  ##  WTVR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNCT-TV.html  ##  KNCT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEVV-DT-2.html  ##  WEVV-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Windsor.html  ##  CBC Windsor
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Sport-1.html  ##  Sky Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-Information-Channel.html  ##  Dish Information Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBKI-TV.html  ##  WBKI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Earth-Latinoamerica.html  ##  BBC Earth LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Brasil.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTNV-TV.html  ##  KTNV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/RTN-31.html  ##  RTN 31
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-White-Portugal.html  ##  AXN White Portugal
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Taiwan.html  ##  Animal Planet Taiwan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXOW-TV.html  ##  WXOW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Tru-TV.html  ##  Tru TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Cinema-Reunion.html  ##  Canal + CinÃ©ma RÃ©union
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Cinema-Hits.html  ##  Sky Cinema Hits
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/World-Fishing-Network.html  ##  World Fishing Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Trace-Tropical.html  ##  Trace Tropical
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Japan.html  ##  Fox Sports Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/IB-Sports.html  ##  IB Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tw/TTV.html  ##  TTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Insider-HD.html  ##  Sky Insider HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-6.html  ##  Cosmote Sport 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Baraem.html  ##  Baraem
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Gazeta-Espirito-Santo.html  ##  TV Gazeta EspÃ­rito Santo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Mir-HD.html  ##  Mir HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/LPB-HD.html  ##  LPB HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPEJ-TV.html  ##  KPEJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Disney.html  ##  Sky Cinema Disney
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/M6.html  ##  M6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Nova-Sport.html  ##  Nova Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-XD-Asia.html  ##  Disney XD Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-6-South-Africa.html  ##  SuperSport 6 South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/Prima-Zoom.html  ##  Prima Zoom
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Primafila-1.html  ##  Sky Primafila 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBNX-TV.html  ##  WBNX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-7.html  ##  CCTV 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-F1.html  ##  Sky Sports F1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MavTV.html  ##  MavTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/M6-Music.html  ##  M6 Music
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KREX-TV.html  ##  KREX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-Thunder-Bay.html  ##  Global TV Thunder Bay
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEZI-TV.html  ##  KEZI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ch/RSI-La-2.html  ##  RSI La 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Penthouse-HD-1.html  ##  Penthouse HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/RFM-TV.html  ##  RFM TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-Encore-1-West.html  ##  The Movie Network Encore 1 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-New-England.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet New England
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Dorcel-XXX.html  ##  Dorcel XXX
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Smithsonian-Channel-Canada.html  ##  Smithsonian Channel Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPLG-TV.html  ##  WPLG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/ERT-1.html  ##  ERT 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-1-Indonesia.html  ##  BeIn Sports 1 Indonesia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/Sport-TV-Africa-2.html  ##  Sport TV Ãfrica 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCBB-TV.html  ##  WCBB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-West.html  ##  TNT West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/OCS-choc.html  ##  OCS choc
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVEO-TV.html  ##  KVEO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-3D.html  ##  Vu! 3D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Premium-Sport-2.html  ##  Premium Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXK-TV.html  ##  WPXK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hustler-TV-USA.html  ##  Hustler TV USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Revolt.html  ##  Revolt
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/NTV-Turkiye.html  ##  NTV TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Sport-1.html  ##  Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Midwest.html  ##  Fox Sports Midwest
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVP-TV.html  ##  WTVP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Centro-America-Sinop.html  ##  TV Centro AmÃ©rica Sinop
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Kinopokaz-HD-1.html  ##  Kinopokaz HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWTX-TV.html  ##  KWTX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-TV.html  ##  Comedy TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-Xtra.html  ##  Eurosport 2 Xtra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTKR-TV.html  ##  WTKR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Arirang-World.html  ##  Arirang World
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUNC-TV.html  ##  WUNC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Wales.html  ##  ITV Wales
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNGH-TV.html  ##  WNGH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/Kanal-5.html  ##  Kanal 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WILL-TV.html  ##  WILL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/UEFA-B.html  ##  UEFA B
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Cable-Noticias.html  ##  Cable Noticias
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQRF-TV.html  ##  WQRF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Telepacifico.html  ##  TelepacÃ­fico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bb/Gone-Viral-Vogue.html  ##  Gone Viral Vogue
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/BabyFirst-TV.html  ##  BabyFirst TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUSI-TV.html  ##  WUSI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Go-Shop-Malay.html  ##  Go Shop Malay
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/H2-UK.html  ##  H2 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-Sports-2.html  ##  Abu Dhabi Sports 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPCB-TV.html  ##  WPCB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Hunan-TV.html  ##  Hunan TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Asia.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-East.html  ##  National Geographic East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-6.html  ##  NBA League Pass 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Colombie-Britannique-Yukon.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Colombie-Britannique-Yukon
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/om/Oman-TV.html  ##  Oman TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHBF-TV.html  ##  WHBF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ATV.html  ##  ATV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Max-Prime-Oeste.html  ##  Max Prime Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Manitoba.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Manitoba
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBGU-TV.html  ##  WBGU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Latinoamerica-Sur.html  ##  Comedy Central LatinoamÃ©rica Sur
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Aparecida.html  ##  TV Aparecida
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Ajyal-TV.html  ##  Ajyal TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Rio.html  ##  Record Rio
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Max-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Max LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Stingray-Concerts.html  ##  Stingray Concerts
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-UKTV-Australia.html  ##  BBC UKTV Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Hispasat-4K-TV.html  ##  Hispasat 4K TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/A-list.html  ##  A-list
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Star-Sports-Premium.html  ##  Star Sports Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-1-China.html  ##  Star Sports 1 China
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WZPX-TV.html  ##  WZPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal-J.html  ##  Canal J
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPHL-TV.html  ##  WPHL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/VH1-Latino-Sur.html  ##  VH1 Latino Sur
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Video-Rola.html  ##  Video Rola
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sports-Illustrated-2.html  ##  Sports Illustrated 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Next.html  ##  Showtime Next
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CMT-East.html  ##  CMT East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/GEM-Life.html  ##  GEM Life
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Sport-France.html  ##  Canal + Sport France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KBS-N-Sports.html  ##  KBS N Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-3.html  ##  Cosmote Sport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Oprah-Winfrey-Network-East.html  ##  Oprah Winfrey Network East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Dorcel-TV.html  ##  Dorcel TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TBS-America-Latina.html  ##  TBS AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Action-Movies--1.html  ##  Fox Action Movies +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPGX-TV.html  ##  WPGX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/7-mate.html  ##  7 mate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Imagica-BS.html  ##  Imagica BS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFTS-TV.html  ##  WFTS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-Sports-1.html  ##  Abu Dhabi Sports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFLI-TV.html  ##  WFLI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/M4-Sport.html  ##  M4 Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Home-and-Shopping.html  ##  Home & Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXJ-DT.html  ##  KPXJ-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTMO-CA.html  ##  WTMO-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Kabel-Eins-Austria.html  ##  Kabel Eins Austria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMPH-TV.html  ##  KMPH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Channel-UK.html  ##  Disney Channel UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Numero-23.html  ##  NumÃ©ro 23
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-New-Brunswick.html  ##  CBC New Brunswick
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Belem.html  ##  Record BelÃ©m
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/G1.html  ##  G1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOKH-TV.html  ##  KOKH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-4-UK.html  ##  Sky Sports 4 UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Wowow-Live.html  ##  Wowow Live
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/Rikstoto-Direkte.html  ##  Rikstoto Direkte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Antena-3-Internacional.html  ##  Antena 3 Internacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Mexico.html  ##  Cartoon Network MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Hero-Action.html  ##  Hero Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-7.html  ##  In Demand Team 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/Pilipinas-HD.html  ##  Pilipinas HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSWB-TV.html  ##  KSWB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Dish-HD-Business-TV-1.html  ##  Dish HD Business TV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-Drama.html  ##  Sky Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCBS-TV.html  ##  WCBS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Bindass-Play.html  ##  Bindass Play
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-Weather-Channel.html  ##  The Weather Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Fairchild-TV-2.html  ##  Fairchild TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Sports-Select-HD2.html  ##  Star Sports Select HD2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WINP-TV.html  ##  WINP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat-Play.html  ##  Polsat Play
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Riyadiya-TV-1.html  ##  Riyadiya TV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Hits.html  ##  Sky Cinema Hits
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCNC-TV.html  ##  KCNC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFLA-TV.html  ##  WFLA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Starz-Comedy-East.html  ##  Starz Comedy East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-TV-East.html  ##  History TV East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-Talkies.html  ##  Zee Talkies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-France.html  ##  Nickelodeon France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/GS-Shop.html  ##  GS Shop
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/HTV-9.html  ##  HTV 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPNZ-TV.html  ##  KPNZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAMU-TV.html  ##  KAMU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KQCK-TV.html  ##  KQCK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Mazhavil-Manorama.html  ##  Mazhavil Manorama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FilmBox-Africa.html  ##  FilmBox Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Ostfold.html  ##  NRK 1 Ãstfold
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/BlueHighways-TV.html  ##  BlueHighways TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Sky-UHD-1.html  ##  Sky UHD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Amedia-Hit.html  ##  Amedia Hit
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSYT-TV.html  ##  WSYT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Tele-Quebec.html  ##  TÃ©lÃ©-QuÃ©bec
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXXV-TV.html  ##  WXXV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Gazeta.html  ##  TV Gazeta
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Italia.html  ##  Cartoon Network Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/SineTivi-Adrenalin.html  ##  SineTivi Adrenalin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Smart-Spor-2.html  ##  Smart Spor 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Film-Comedy.html  ##  Viasat Film Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bd/Ekattor-TV.html  ##  Ekattor TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Egg-Network.html  ##  Egg Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Es-TV.html  ##  Es TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/S4C.html  ##  S4C
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/360-Podmoskove.html  ##  360Â° Podmoskove
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/MiniMini--.html  ##  MiniMini +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/EchoStar-Engineering-Channel.html  ##  EchoStar Engineering Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOAA-TV.html  ##  KOAA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPEC-TV.html  ##  WPEC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLSR-TV.html  ##  KLSR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWBA-TV.html  ##  KWBA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Sport.html  ##  C More Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-Cinema-HD.html  ##  Zee Cinema HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/TV-Mu.html  ##  TV Mu
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Calgary.html  ##  CBC Calgary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MLB-Extra-Innings.html  ##  MLB Extra Innings
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXVO-TV.html  ##  KXVO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOVR-TV.html  ##  KOVR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Super-Channel-2.html  ##  Super Channel 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Polsat-Film.html  ##  Polsat Film
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/World-Movies-HD.html  ##  World Movies HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-3.html  ##  CCTV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTGS-TV.html  ##  WTGS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Teletoon---HD-Polska.html  ##  Teletoon + HD Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/ARTE-Deutsch.html  ##  ARTE Deutsch
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/Arena-Sport-1.html  ##  Arena Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KYMA-DT.html  ##  KYMA-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Midtnytt.html  ##  NRK 1 Midtnytt
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/SineTivi-Adrenalin-2.html  ##  SineTivi Adrenalin 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-22.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 22
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVHP.html  ##  KVHP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/SuperSport-5.html  ##  SuperSport 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Movies-1-HD.html  ##  BeIn Movies 1 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SuperSport-11-Nigeria.html  ##  SuperSport 11 Nigeria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Pro-Sieben-Deutschland.html  ##  Pro Sieben Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN--.html  ##  ESPN +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TF-1.html  ##  TF 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-14.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 14
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Sao-Paulo.html  ##  Record SÃ£o Paulo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVK-TV.html  ##  KTVK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHON-TV.html  ##  KHON-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Nord-Pas-de-Calais.html  ##  France 3 Nord Pas-de-Calais
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nicktoons-East.html  ##  Nicktoons East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Ellada.html  ##  National Geographic Ellada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFXV.html  ##  WFXV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Junior-France.html  ##  Nickelodeon Junior France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-1.html  ##  In Demand Game 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Penthouse-3D.html  ##  Penthouse 3D
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/Movistar-Xtra.html  ##  Movistar Xtra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/OCS-max.html  ##  OCS max
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NESN-Boston.html  ##  NESN Boston
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSHV-TV.html  ##  KSHV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Sharjah-Sports.html  ##  Sharjah Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXNE-TV.html  ##  KXNE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Series---HD.html  ##  Series + HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWCH-TV.html  ##  KWCH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Series-Mexico.html  ##  TNT Series MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBAY-TV.html  ##  WBAY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MultiSports-4.html  ##  MultiSports 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDTV-TV.html  ##  WDTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Sinema-TV-1001.html  ##  Sinema TV 1001
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Mosaico-Oi-Filmes.html  ##  Mosaico Oi Filmes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Mirante.html  ##  TV Mirante
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tm/Miras.html  ##  Miras
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KETD.html  ##  KETD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Family-Chrgd.html  ##  Family Chrgd
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bd/DBC-News.html  ##  DBC News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAVY-TV.html  ##  WAVY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/NRK-1-Rogaland.html  ##  NRK 1 Rogaland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/Big-Sales.html  ##  Big Sales
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/SBS-WA.html  ##  SBS WA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Edge-TV.html  ##  Edge TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFTR-TV.html  ##  KFTR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWSU-TV.html  ##  KWSU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Elgourmet.html  ##  Elgourmet
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Russia.html  ##  TLC Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-3.html  ##  Showcase HD 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/RTV-2.html  ##  RTV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/KIKA.html  ##  KIKA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Turkiye.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sg/Asian-Food-Channel.html  ##  Asian Food Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOLF-TV.html  ##  WOLF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Kanal-11.html  ##  Kanal 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Sports-TV.html  ##  Sports TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Turkiye.html  ##  Animal Planet TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWYB-DT-2.html  ##  KWYB-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Central.html  ##  NBC Central
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/6ter-Suisse.html  ##  6ter Suisse
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-3-Indonesia.html  ##  BeIn Sports 3 Indonesia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBOY-TV.html  ##  WBOY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRON-TV.html  ##  KRON-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXD-TV.html  ##  WPXD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPSG-TV.html  ##  WPSG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSJX-LP.html  ##  WSJX-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTV-3.html  ##  VTV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVIQ-DT.html  ##  KVIQ-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Kix-360.html  ##  Kix 360
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFME-TV.html  ##  KFME-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Family-East.html  ##  HBO Family East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMTV-TV.html  ##  WMTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Auvergne.html  ##  France 3 Auvergne
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Evine-Live.html  ##  Evine Live
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Gazeta-Alagoas.html  ##  TV Gazeta Alagoas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMVT-DT.html  ##  KMVT-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-360-HD-9.html  ##  Eurosport 360 HD 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Chile.html  ##  Cartoon Network Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ch/SRF-Info.html  ##  SRF Info
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJTC-TV.html  ##  WJTC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Igo-Shogi-Channel.html  ##  Igo Shogi Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMPT-TV.html  ##  WMPT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/lb/NBN.html  ##  NBN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/RTL-8.html  ##  RTL 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TeleHit.html  ##  TeleHit
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Colors-Kannada.html  ##  Colors Kannada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Sports-1-Ireland.html  ##  Sky Sports 1 Ireland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-Drama--.html  ##  Abu Dhabi Drama +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Univision.html  ##  UnivisiÃ³n
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Record-Interior-SP.html  ##  Record Interior SP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDTF-LD.html  ##  KDTF-LD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Florida-Plus.html  ##  Fox Sports Florida Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Espana.html  ##  AXN EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-en-Espanol.html  ##  Discovery en EspaÃ±ol
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-BC.html  ##  Global TV BC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMAX-TV.html  ##  KMAX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Women-East.html  ##  Showtime Women East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEIU-TV.html  ##  WEIU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCPO-TV.html  ##  WCPO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-PPV-Movies-HD-495.html  ##  Astro PPV Movies HD 495
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRCW-TV.html  ##  KRCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DirecTV-Cinema-4K.html  ##  DirecTV Cinema 4K
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KALB-DT-2.html  ##  KALB-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNPB-TV.html  ##  WNPB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nick-2-Latin-America.html  ##  Nick 2 Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Phoenix-TV.html  ##  Phoenix TV!
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-Cinema-Action-and-Adventure.html  ##  Sky Cinema Action & Adventure
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-2-Latinoamerica.html  ##  HBO 2 LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Trek.html  ##  Trek
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSMN-TV.html  ##  KSMN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-Docu.html  ##  Yes Docu
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/MCOT-HD.html  ##  MCOT HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Ohotnik-i-Rybolov-HD.html  ##  Ohotnik i Rybolov HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Family-France.html  ##  Canal + Family France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Plus-Brasil-Oeste.html  ##  HBO Plus Brasil Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDKY-TV.html  ##  WDKY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Diema-Sport.html  ##  Diema Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPDX-TV.html  ##  KPDX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/iq/NRT.html  ##  NRT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-Polska.html  ##  Lifetime Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/AV-King.html  ##  AV King
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGCL-TV.html  ##  WGCL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Vietnam.html  ##  Fox Sports Vietnam
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Atlantic.html  ##  Sky Atlantic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXC-TV.html  ##  KPXC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Music-Japan-TV.html  ##  Music Japan TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Soccer-Plus.html  ##  Fox Soccer Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-TEM-Sao-Jose-do-Rio-Preto.html  ##  TV TEM SÃ£o JosÃ© do Rio Preto
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Family.html  ##  Sky Cinema Family
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Teve-2.html  ##  Teve 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCMV-TV.html  ##  WCMV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFXA-TV.html  ##  KFXA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/QVC-France.html  ##  QVC France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Aquarium-Channel-English.html  ##  Aquarium Channel English
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRIS-TV.html  ##  KRIS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSPS-TV.html  ##  KSPS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sundance-Channel-South-East-Asia.html  ##  Sundance Channel South East Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Kass-One.html  ##  Al Kass One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/Nhac-Tru-Tinh.html  ##  Nhac Tru Tinh
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSMH-TV.html  ##  WSMH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Animal-Planet-Middle-East.html  ##  Animal Planet Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDTN-TV.html  ##  WDTN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Showtime-Beyond-West.html  ##  Showtime Beyond West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Beats.html  ##  MTV Beats
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-Danmark.html  ##  Eurosport 2 Danmark
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TVC-Deportes.html  ##  TVC Deportes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-Drama.html  ##  MBC Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/EbS.html  ##  EbS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Trace-Sport-Stars.html  ##  Trace Sport Stars
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKNO-TV.html  ##  WKNO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WICS-TV.html  ##  WICS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHKY-TV.html  ##  WHKY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGEM-TV.html  ##  WGEM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/H2-Canada.html  ##  H2 Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPAX-DT-2.html  ##  KPAX-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Latino-Sud.html  ##  MTV Latino Sud
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/ABC-1-NT.html  ##  ABC 1 NT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLOV-TV.html  ##  WLOV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Tooniverse.html  ##  Tooniverse
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-15.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 15
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHIZ-TV.html  ##  WHIZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/BET-West.html  ##  BET West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-2.html  ##  CCTV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-3.html  ##  BeIn Sports 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTSP-TV.html  ##  WTSP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHSL-TV.html  ##  KHSL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Asia-Economies-TV.html  ##  Asia Economies TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Yonhap-News-TV.html  ##  Yonhap News TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHOI-TV.html  ##  WHOI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPXD-TV.html  ##  KPXD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/id/BNI-Life--1.html  ##  BNI Life +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTC-HD-The-Thao.html  ##  VTC HD The Thao
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Arizona.html  ##  Fox Sports Arizona
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/SWR-Fernsehen-Rheinland-Pfalz.html  ##  SWR Fernsehen Rheinland-Pfalz
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/vn/VTC-HD-1.html  ##  VTC HD 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTJR-TV.html  ##  WTJR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/ATV-Turkiye.html  ##  ATV TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Ovation.html  ##  Ovation
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/ITV-Yorkshire-West.html  ##  ITV Yorkshire West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVUE-TV.html  ##  WVUE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGPX-TV.html  ##  WGPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-Vale.html  ##  Band Vale
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSEC-TV.html  ##  WSEC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHIQ-DT.html  ##  WHIQ-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Tlnovelas-Europa.html  ##  Tlnovelas Europa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ABC-News-One-Live-Channel-2.html  ##  ABC News One Live Channel 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Paradise-TV.html  ##  Paradise TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-9.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRMA-TV.html  ##  KRMA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Canal-Aniversario.html  ##  Canal Aniversario
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Gulli.html  ##  Gulli
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUTV-TV.html  ##  WUTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TCM-Espana.html  ##  TCM EspaÃ±a
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Champagne-Ardenne.html  ##  France 3 Champagne-Ardenne
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/YTN.html  ##  YTN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Czechia.html  ##  HBO Czechia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-16.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 16
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTBC-TV.html  ##  KTBC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTTW-TV.html  ##  WTTW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WXXA-TV.html  ##  WXXA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Show-TV.html  ##  Show TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDNL-TV.html  ##  KDNL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/VH1-Caribbean.html  ##  VH1 Caribbean
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FXX-Canada.html  ##  FXX Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Latin-America.html  ##  AMC Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Hits.html  ##  C More Hits
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Film-and-Arts-America-Latina.html  ##  Film & Arts AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/SBS-Victoria.html  ##  SBS Victoria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBNT-CA.html  ##  KBNT-CA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/True-Film-Asia.html  ##  True Film Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Cinepop.html  ##  CinÃ©pop
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/USA-Network-East.html  ##  USA Network East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Signature-Asia.html  ##  HBO Signature Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Lifetime-East.html  ##  Lifetime East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/Servus-TV-Osterreich.html  ##  Servus TV Ãsterreich
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/D-One.html  ##  D-One
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Global-TV-Winnipeg.html  ##  Global TV Winnipeg
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Movie-1.html  ##  Movie 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Chiller.html  ##  Chiller
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Lotte-Home-Shopping.html  ##  Lotte Home Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Space.html  ##  Space
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/La-Chaine-Meteo.html  ##  La ChaÃ®ne MÃ©tÃ©o
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTVU-TV.html  ##  KTVU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMYT-TV.html  ##  KMYT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHA-TV.html  ##  WHA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJAX-TV.html  ##  WJAX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGHP-TV.html  ##  WGHP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/XTM.html  ##  XTM
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Turk.html  ##  Moviemax Turk
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/TV-5-Quebec-Canada-Ouest.html  ##  TV 5 QuÃ©bec Canada Ouest
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAGA-TV.html  ##  WAGA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Deutschland.html  ##  Nickelodeon Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NFL-Sunday-Ticket-7.html  ##  NFL Sunday Ticket 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHDH-TV.html  ##  WHDH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Documentary.html  ##  Documentary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MultiSports-1.html  ##  MultiSports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tj/TV-Varzish.html  ##  TV Varzish
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/MovieSmart-Family.html  ##  MovieSmart Family
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-Comedy.html  ##  Yes Comedy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/One-America-News-Network.html  ##  One America News Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/TBS-Channel-2.html  ##  TBS Channel 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWTI.html  ##  WWTI
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AMC-Mexico.html  ##  AMC MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-US-Alternate.html  ##  ESPN US Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUTF-TV.html  ##  WUTF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Jiangxi-TV-1.html  ##  Jiangxi TV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-West.html  ##  HBO West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Anhanguera.html  ##  TV Anhanguera
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KVEW-TV.html  ##  KVEW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/ABC-1-Victoria.html  ##  ABC 1 Victoria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNIN-TV.html  ##  WNIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLWC-TV.html  ##  WLWC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Claro-Sports.html  ##  Claro Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-12.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 12
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMUM-TV.html  ##  WMUM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCBA-TV.html  ##  KCBA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Africa.html  ##  Fox Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/TV-Chosun.html  ##  TV Chosun
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-America-Latina.html  ##  ESPN AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Latinoamerica.html  ##  History LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/V-Paradise.html  ##  V Paradise
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/AniOne-TV.html  ##  AniOne TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/TV-Osem.html  ##  TV Osem
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sundance-Channel-Latin-America.html  ##  Sundance Channel Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLDO-TV.html  ##  KLDO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Game-6.html  ##  In Demand Game 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTFF-TV.html  ##  KTFF-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKPC-TV.html  ##  WKPC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TLC-Taiwan.html  ##  TLC Taiwan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KQED-TV.html  ##  KQED-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/Marina-FM-TV.html  ##  Marina FM TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Kanal-D-Romania.html  ##  Kanal D Romania
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/JIBS.html  ##  JIBS
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/DW.html  ##  DW
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Channel-Israel.html  ##  History Channel Israel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Sky-Movies-Classics.html  ##  Sky Movies Classics
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNTZ-TV.html  ##  WNTZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Movies-4-HD.html  ##  BeIn Movies 4 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBSI-TV.html  ##  KBSI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Imagen-TV.html  ##  Imagen TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNSD-TV.html  ##  KNSD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Science.html  ##  Discovery Science
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/VH1-West.html  ##  VH1 West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMEG-TV.html  ##  KMEG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Ten-1-HD.html  ##  Ten 1 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Juventus-TV.html  ##  Juventus TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/SABC-1.html  ##  SABC 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIBW-TV.html  ##  WIBW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ao/Zap-Filmes-1.html  ##  Zap Filmes 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOFY-TV.html  ##  KOFY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPTV-TV.html  ##  KPTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-World.html  ##  SportsNet World
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBMT-DT-2.html  ##  KBMT-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEDH-TV.html  ##  WEDH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sat-1-Deutschland.html  ##  Sat. 1 Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-9.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TCM-Canada.html  ##  TCM Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Chinese-Channel-International.html  ##  Star Chinese Channel International
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ch/RTS-Deux.html  ##  RTS Deux
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Verdes-Mares.html  ##  TV Verdes Mares
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/TNN-24.html  ##  TNN 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Canal-Off.html  ##  Canal Off
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-Goal-Line.html  ##  ESPN Goal Line
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-11.html  ##  Sukachan 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ng/Channels-24.html  ##  Channels 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Junior-Brasil.html  ##  Disney Junior Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Pepsi-MTV-Indies.html  ##  Pepsi MTV Indies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/be/Man-X.html  ##  Man-X
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---Caraibes.html  ##  Canal + CaraÃ¯bes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mn/SPS-Prime.html  ##  SPS Prime
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIYC.html  ##  WIYC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Luxury.html  ##  Luxury
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Philippines.html  ##  Fox Philippines
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Disney-Junior-Canada.html  ##  Disney Junior Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ch/RSI-La-1.html  ##  RSI La 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WISC-TV.html  ##  WISC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAIT-TV.html  ##  KAIT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBMY.html  ##  KBMY
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/zw/Zim-Series.html  ##  Zim Series
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/H2-Polska.html  ##  H2 Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KECI-TV.html  ##  KECI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/TV-2-Lorry.html  ##  TV 2 Lorry
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOZL-TV.html  ##  KOZL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Boing-France.html  ##  Boing France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHLT.html  ##  WHLT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-2-East.html  ##  The Movie Network 2 East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comedy-Central-Caribbean.html  ##  Comedy Central Caribbean
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Cartoon-Network-Latin-America.html  ##  Cartoon Network Latin America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Pop-West.html  ##  Pop West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/MBC-Pro-Sports-1.html  ##  MBC Pro Sports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-1.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDBD-TV.html  ##  WDBD-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-CW-Plus-Pacific.html  ##  The CW Plus Pacific
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Centro-Oeste.html  ##  RBS TV Centro-Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-3-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 3 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOLR-TV.html  ##  KOLR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Audience-Network.html  ##  Audience Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-9.html  ##  Sky Sport 9
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Nature-HD.html  ##  Viasat Nature HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPNX-TV.html  ##  KPNX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-First-Middle-East.html  ##  BBC First Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-Sport.html  ##  CT Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/RMC-Decouverte-HD-24.html  ##  RMC DÃ©couverte HD 24
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Ale-Kino--.html  ##  Ale Kino +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Live.html  ##  MTV Live
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KPTS-TV.html  ##  KPTS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Fil-TV.html  ##  Fil TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-1.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWHO-TV.html  ##  WWHO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Max-Up-Latinoamerica.html  ##  Max Up LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCTV-TV.html  ##  KCTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Chile.html  ##  FX Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WB-India.html  ##  WB India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Power-Turk-TV.html  ##  Power TÃ¼rk TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Channel-Nine-Brisbane.html  ##  Channel Nine Brisbane
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KORO-TV.html  ##  KORO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-2-East.html  ##  HBO 2 East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Green-Channel-2.html  ##  Green Channel 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVQ-TV.html  ##  WTVQ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/GTV.html  ##  GTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CNN-J.html  ##  CNN J
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKTV.html  ##  WKTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Pop-East.html  ##  Pop East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KQIN-TV.html  ##  KQIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/SineTivi-2.html  ##  SineTivi 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Conoce-Mexico.html  ##  Conoce MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Cherie-25.html  ##  ChÃ©rie 25
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-Movie-Channel-Korea.html  ##  The Movie Channel Korea
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKTC-TV.html  ##  WKTC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/UniMas-Oeste.html  ##  UniMÃ¡s Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WDJT-TV.html  ##  WDJT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Movies-Premium-Japan.html  ##  Fox Movies Premium Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-3.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NASA-TV-Public.html  ##  NASA TV Public
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Sport-2-Hungary.html  ##  Sport 2 Hungary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-On-Demand-350-HD.html  ##  Astro On Demand 350 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dk/Kanal-4.html  ##  Kanal 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/J-Sports-1.html  ##  J Sports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Stars.html  ##  C More Stars
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-2.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Tru-TV-America-Latina.html  ##  Tru TV AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-8.html  ##  Optus Sport 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/gr/Cosmote-Sport-2.html  ##  Cosmote Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/HMC.html  ##  HMC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Golf-Channel-Indonesia.html  ##  Golf Channel Indonesia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/On-Style.html  ##  On Style
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSST-TV.html  ##  WSST-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHRM-TV.html  ##  WHRM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/SineTivi-Karnaval-2.html  ##  SineTivi Karnaval 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FX-Latin.html  ##  FX Latin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/Space-Mexico.html  ##  Space MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Thai-TV-5-HD1.html  ##  Thai TV 5 HD1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-5-.html  ##  CCTV 5+
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Tivibu-Spor.html  ##  Tivibu Spor
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WABM-DT-2.html  ##  WABM-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Deportes.html  ##  Fox Deportes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies.html  ##  OSN Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TV-Japan.html  ##  TV Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Screen.html  ##  Screen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLNY-TV.html  ##  WLNY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/no/TV-2-Zebra.html  ##  TV 2 Zebra
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nl/Veronica.html  ##  Veronica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNEP-TV.html  ##  WNEP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Canal---Sport-Polska.html  ##  Canal + Sport Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Kids-Song-HD.html  ##  Kids Song HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Fotball.html  ##  Viasat Fotball
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/La-7.html  ##  La 7
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Stingray-Ambiance.html  ##  Stingray Ambiance
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSYX-TV.html  ##  WSYX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Home-Story.html  ##  Home Story
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Familia.html  ##  Discovery Familia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-India.html  ##  Nickelodeon India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Wonju-MBC.html  ##  Wonju MBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Movie-Channel.html  ##  Fox Movie Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Trace-Urban-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  Trace Urban Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/M6-Suisse.html  ##  M6 Suisse
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/France-3-Provence-Alpes.html  ##  France 3 Provence-Alpes
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Series--.html  ##  SÃ©ries +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Europa-Europa.html  ##  Europa Europa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Fuji-TV-Next.html  ##  Fuji TV Next
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-Canada.html  ##  Food Network Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Nature.html  ##  Viasat Nature
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Aali-TV.html  ##  Aali TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Stadium-5.html  ##  Stadium 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KETS-TV.html  ##  KETS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/LaLa-TV.html  ##  LaLa TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Toonami-Asia.html  ##  Toonami Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUGF-DT.html  ##  KUGF-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFRV-TV.html  ##  WFRV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WABC-TV.html  ##  WABC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Universal-HD.html  ##  Universal HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXC-TV.html  ##  WPXC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Mezzo-Live-HD-Asie.html  ##  Mezzo Live HD Asie
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAIL-TV.html  ##  KAIL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVLT-DT-2.html  ##  WVLT-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Paramount-Channel-Brasil.html  ##  Paramount Channel Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Sky-Premiere-HD.html  ##  Sky Premiere HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTTZ-TV.html  ##  KTTZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Candy-TV.html  ##  Candy TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bd/Deepto-TV.html  ##  Deepto TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/Benfica-TV-1.html  ##  Benfica TV 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WTVT-TV.html  ##  WTVT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBZK-TV.html  ##  KBZK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-Asia.html  ##  Food Network Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNVO-TV.html  ##  KNVO-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/CincoMas.html  ##  CincoMas
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WIWN-TV.html  ##  WIWN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/Channel-Joy.html  ##  Channel Joy
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hu/Film---Hungary.html  ##  Film + Hungary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sundance-TV-Europe.html  ##  Sundance TV Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Rete-4.html  ##  Rete 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ua/Zik-HD.html  ##  Zik HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUOA-TV.html  ##  WUOA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Star-Movies-HD-Middle-East.html  ##  Star Movies HD Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/C-More-Fotboll.html  ##  C More Fotboll
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/Canal---Seriale.html  ##  Canal + Seriale
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSET-TV.html  ##  WSET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/Al-Resalah.html  ##  Al-Resalah
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/E-Channel.html  ##  E-Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FYI-West.html  ##  FYI West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Penthouse-HD-2.html  ##  Penthouse HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/NHL-Centre-Ice-3.html  ##  NHL Centre Ice 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Spin-Polska.html  ##  AXN Spin Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/O-TVN.html  ##  O TVN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Outdoor-Channel.html  ##  Outdoor Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-Asia.html  ##  Fox Sports Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJHL-TV.html  ##  WJHL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Brit-Nordic.html  ##  BBC Brit Nordic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Red-Cherry.html  ##  Red Cherry
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Bravo-Canada.html  ##  Bravo Canada
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fido-TV-Channel.html  ##  Fido TV Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WLIW-TV.html  ##  WLIW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NCAA-Sports-PPV-8.html  ##  NCAA Sports PPV 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NHL-Center-Ice-8.html  ##  NHL Center Ice 8
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KEYE-TV.html  ##  KEYE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/OLTV.html  ##  OLTV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUHT-TV.html  ##  KUHT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRC-TV.html  ##  WRC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/SuperSport-1.html  ##  SuperSport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Life-Design-TV.html  ##  Life Design TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVP-Sport.html  ##  TVP Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-Entertainment-Sur.html  ##  BBC Entertainment Sur
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CBC-Newfoundland-and-Labrador.html  ##  CBC Newfoundland and Labrador
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KQDS-TV.html  ##  KQDS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVAH-TV.html  ##  WVAH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RT-Arabic.html  ##  RT Arabic
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-America-West.html  ##  BBC America West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-2-Asia.html  ##  Fox Sports 2 Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEYI-TV.html  ##  WEYI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Family-Oeste.html  ##  Fox Family Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ar/El-Trece.html  ##  El Trece
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Brasil.html  ##  Discovery Channel Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/Al-Kass-Five.html  ##  Al Kass Five
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CKPR-TV.html  ##  CKPR TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/Cignal-PPV-2-HD.html  ##  Cignal PPV 2 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ch/SRF-1.html  ##  SRF 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MyZen-Music.html  ##  MyZen Music
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-France.html  ##  MTV France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-Movie-Channel-West.html  ##  The Movie Channel West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-Brasil.html  ##  Nickelodeon Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/CBS-Sports-Network-USA.html  ##  CBS Sports Network USA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Canal-22-Nacional.html  ##  Canal 22 Nacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/my/Astro-Ria.html  ##  Astro Ria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WGAL-TV.html  ##  WGAL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRDW-TV.html  ##  WRDW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Happy-Channel.html  ##  Happy Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBNS-TV.html  ##  WBNS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Speed-Channel-4.html  ##  Speed Channel 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zing-Asia.html  ##  Zing Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Food-Network-East.html  ##  Food Network East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Justice-Central-TV.html  ##  Justice Central TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-Sports-4.html  ##  Abu Dhabi Sports 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KSAZ-TV.html  ##  KSAZ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Megapix.html  ##  Megapix
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Movie-Plus.html  ##  Movie Plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pt/Sport-TV-Africa-1.html  ##  Sport TV Ãfrica 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/SuperSport-2.html  ##  SuperSport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Comedy-HD.html  ##  Moviemax Comedy HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBTX-TV.html  ##  KBTX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-27.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 27
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pe/America.html  ##  AmÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/Abu-Dhabi-TV-Europe.html  ##  Abu Dhabi TV Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOPX-TV.html  ##  KOPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-CW-Plus-Mountain.html  ##  The CW Plus Mountain
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Match-Futbol-3.html  ##  Match! Futbol 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/ZDF-Info.html  ##  ZDF Info
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Match.html  ##  Match!
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSFA-TV.html  ##  WSFA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/TBS-Channel-1.html  ##  TBS Channel 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BT-Sport-2.html  ##  BT Sport 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCOV-TV.html  ##  WCOV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Family-Movies-HD.html  ##  Fox Family Movies HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CIMT-TVA.html  ##  CIMT-TVA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCML.html  ##  WCML
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KMSP-TV.html  ##  KMSP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJSP-TV.html  ##  WJSP-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTAB-TV.html  ##  KTAB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Optus-Sport-4.html  ##  Optus Sport 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEPX-TV.html  ##  WEPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Max-Up-Brasil.html  ##  Max Up Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUFM-TV.html  ##  KUFM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WRGT-TV.html  ##  WRGT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-One-Scotland.html  ##  BBC One Scotland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-2-Belgie.html  ##  Eurosport 2 BelgiÃ«
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Hyundai-Home-Shopping--Shop.html  ##  Hyundai Home Shopping +Shop
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Good-Food-Channel.html  ##  Good Food Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIIN-TV.html  ##  KIIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-2.html  ##  NBA League Pass 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEMT-TV.html  ##  WEMT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KFYR-TV.html  ##  KFYR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/CTH-Thaizabb.html  ##  CTH Thaizabb
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WQEC-TV.html  ##  WQEC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/The-Museum-Channel.html  ##  The Museum Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Naaptol-Blue.html  ##  Naaptol Blue
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Series-Colombia.html  ##  TNT Series Colombia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/CKPG-TV.html  ##  CKPG TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nat-Geo-Wild-Hungary.html  ##  Nat Geo Wild Hungary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/TV-Globo-Sao-Paulo.html  ##  TV Globo SÃ£o Paulo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/National-Geographic-Bulgaria.html  ##  National Geographic Bulgaria
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/za/M-Net-West.html  ##  M-Net West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Turkiye.html  ##  Discovery Channel TÃ¼rkiye
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Colors--1.html  ##  Colors +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-4-Sport.html  ##  TV 4 Sport
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/TV-6-Sverige.html  ##  TV 6 Sverige
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Riyadiya-TV-2.html  ##  Riyadiya TV 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/SET-India.html  ##  SET India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Tennis-Channel.html  ##  Tennis Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Ya-Hala--2.html  ##  OSN Ya Hala! +2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eutelsat-4K1.html  ##  Eutelsat 4K1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Max-Prime-Este.html  ##  Max Prime Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Sport-1.html  ##  Sky Sport 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/TBC.html  ##  TBC
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-8-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 8 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Mas-Chic-Lationamerica.html  ##  MÃ¡s Chic LationamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KGAN-TV.html  ##  KGAN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Star-3.html  ##  Star 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUVN-TV.html  ##  KUVN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FashionBox-HD.html  ##  FashionBox HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/co/Senal-Colombia.html  ##  SeÃ±al Colombia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-HD-World-Southeast-Asia.html  ##  Discovery HD World Southeast Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-Movie-Channel-Xtra-East.html  ##  The Movie Channel Xtra East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KJTL-TV.html  ##  KJTL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Hollywood-Suite-90s-Movies.html  ##  Hollywood Suite 90s Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNJS-TV.html  ##  WNJS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/Sky-HD-2.html  ##  Sky HD 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHMB-TV.html  ##  WHMB-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fast-and-FunBox-HD.html  ##  Fast & FunBox HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Japan-Leisure-Channel-684-HD.html  ##  Japan Leisure Channel 684 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Rotana-Aflam.html  ##  Rotana Aflam
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hallmark-Movies-and-Mysteries-East.html  ##  Hallmark Movies & Mysteries East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/hk/Celestial-Movies-HD.html  ##  Celestial Movies HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPPX-TV.html  ##  WPPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKOW-TV.html  ##  WKOW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WMVS-TV.html  ##  WMVS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Channel-A.html  ##  Channel A
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-America-Latina.html  ##  TNT AmÃ©rica Latina
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/MultiSports-5.html  ##  MultiSports 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/GCJ-O-Shopping.html  ##  GCJ O Shopping
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tm/Asgabat.html  ##  Asgabat
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Travel-Channel-HD.html  ##  Travel Channel HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Cielo.html  ##  Cielo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/Ploen-TV.html  ##  Ploen TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cz/CT-1.html  ##  CT 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPME-TV.html  ##  WPME-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/13-Ulica.html  ##  13 Ulica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sa/Eqtisadiya-TV.html  ##  Eqtisadiya TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Anibox.html  ##  Anibox
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WAVE-TV.html  ##  WAVE-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Kanal-5.html  ##  Kanal 5
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/BBC-America-East.html  ##  BBC America East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/lu/Luxe-TV.html  ##  Luxe TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/SuperSport-4.html  ##  SuperSport 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/City-Saskatchewan.html  ##  City Saskatchewan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/om/Oman-TV-Culture.html  ##  Oman TV Culture
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KHBS-DT.html  ##  KHBS-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJAC-TV.html  ##  WJAC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Sports-San-Diego.html  ##  Fox Sports San Diego
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEEK-TV.html  ##  WEEK-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/dz/Thalitha-TV.html  ##  Thalitha TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/OSN-Movies-Drama.html  ##  OSN Movies Drama
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NASA-TV-UHD.html  ##  NASA TV UHD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Middle-East.html  ##  Fox Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pk/92-News.html  ##  92 News
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KABC-TV.html  ##  KABC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WEWS-TV.html  ##  WEWS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Zap-TV.html  ##  Zap TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/EWTN-EEUU.html  ##  EWTN EEUU
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/ESPN-Buzzer-Beater.html  ##  ESPN Buzzer Beater
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KWWL-TV.html  ##  KWWL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJMN-TV.html  ##  WJMN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MoviePlex.html  ##  MoviePlex
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KNXV-TV.html  ##  KNXV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WWAY-TV.html  ##  WWAY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/AXN-Latinoamerica.html  ##  AXN LatinoamÃ©rica
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTUU-TV.html  ##  KTUU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHNS-TV.html  ##  WHNS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Kino-Premium-HD.html  ##  Kino Premium HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/FXX-East.html  ##  FXX East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Lfe.html  ##  L!fe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KCWT-CD.html  ##  KCWT-CD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Comcast-SportsNet-Chicago-Outer-Market.html  ##  Comcast SportsNet Chicago Outer Market
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLWY-TV.html  ##  KLWY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Olympics-Basketball.html  ##  NBC Olympics Basketball
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Cinema-Family.html  ##  Sky Cinema Family
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Stingray-Djazz.html  ##  Stingray Djazz
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/Moviemax-Premier-2.html  ##  Moviemax Premier 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Life-Russia.html  ##  Fox Life Russia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Universal-Channel-South-Africa.html  ##  Universal Channel South Africa
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/TAY-TV.html  ##  TAY TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Racing-UK.html  ##  Racing UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Warner-Channel-Este.html  ##  Warner Channel Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOIN-TV.html  ##  KOIN-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/GreatSports-Channel.html  ##  GreatSports Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kw/KTV-Arabe.html  ##  KTV Arabe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/GangCartoon-Channel.html  ##  GangCartoon Channel
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/it/Sky-Cinema-Uno--1.html  ##  Sky Cinema Uno +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-14-HD.html  ##  BeIn Sports 14 HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRCA-TV.html  ##  KRCA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/tr/DiziSmart-Platin.html  ##  DiziSmart Platin
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WISH-TV.html  ##  WISH-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUAC-TV.html  ##  KUAC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Root-Sports-Northwest.html  ##  Root Sports Northwest
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Heartland-East.html  ##  Heartland East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/DramaCube.html  ##  DramaCube
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-2-Brasil.html  ##  HBO 2 Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSIL-TV.html  ##  WSIL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WJHG-TV.html  ##  WJHG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-TV-18.html  ##  History TV 18
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAET-TV.html  ##  KAET-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-Sports.html  ##  Band Sports
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WVTV-TV.html  ##  WVTV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/th/TrueSport-HD.html  ##  TrueSport HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/nz/Prime.html  ##  Prime
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KAFT-TV.html  ##  KAFT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ae/The-Media-Office.html  ##  The Media Office
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/MBC-Music.html  ##  MBC Music
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Showcase-HD-4.html  ##  Showcase HD 4
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/RBS-TV-Chapeco.html  ##  RBS TV ChapecÃ³
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/il/Yes-Action.html  ##  Yes Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNPT-TV.html  ##  WNPT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ph/PBA-Rush.html  ##  PBA Rush
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/1-2-3-TV.html  ##  1-2-3 TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Eurosport-1-Polska.html  ##  Eurosport 1 Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WPXR-TV.html  ##  WPXR-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBTW-TV.html  ##  WBTW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WBOC-DT-2.html  ##  WBOC-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/TV-Chile.html  ##  TV Chile
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-13.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 13
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Canal---France.html  ##  Canal + France
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WNDU-TV.html  ##  WNDU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/Catch-On-plus.html  ##  Catch On plus
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/Golden-Premier.html  ##  Golden Premier
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRMJ-TV.html  ##  KRMJ-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Vu-PPV-HD-20.html  ##  Vu! PPV HD 20
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/sk/TV-Markiza.html  ##  TV MarkÃ­za
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Oprah-Winfrey-Network.html  ##  Oprah Winfrey Network
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXII-DT-2.html  ##  KXII-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Adult-HD-PPV-English-1.html  ##  Adult HD PPV English 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fashion-One-Asia.html  ##  Fashion One Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/OMNI-2.html  ##  OMNI 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/W-Movies.html  ##  W Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRIV-TV.html  ##  KRIV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/bg/Cinemachi-Kids.html  ##  Cinemachi Kids
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/pl/TVP-HD.html  ##  TVP HD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KBCA.html  ##  KBCA
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFFT-TV.html  ##  WFFT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ro/Look-TV.html  ##  Look TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Kabel-Eins-Deutschland.html  ##  Kabel Eins Deutschland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/RT-Doc.html  ##  RT Doc
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/InfoSport--.html  ##  InfoSport +
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-6.html  ##  Sukachan 6
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/qa/BeIn-Sports-1.html  ##  BeIn Sports 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NickToons-South-East-Asia.html  ##  NickToons South East Asia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WUVC-TV.html  ##  WUVC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/The-Movie-Channel-East.html  ##  The Movie Channel East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/mx/TV-Mas.html  ##  TV MÃ¡s
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/In-Demand-Team-2.html  ##  In Demand Team 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFSU-TV.html  ##  WFSU-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KOAT-TV.html  ##  KOAT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/RetroPlex.html  ##  RetroPlex
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Movies-Premium.html  ##  Fox Movies Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Germany.html  ##  MTV Germany
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/al/T.html  ##  T
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/SFR-Sport-3.html  ##  SFR Sport 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Ici-Radio-Canada-Tele-Ottawa-Gatineau.html  ##  Ici Radio Canada TÃ©lÃ© Ottawa-Gatineau
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Spiegel-Geschichte.html  ##  Spiegel Geschichte
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KXTU-LP.html  ##  KXTU-LP
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Speed-Channel-1.html  ##  Speed Channel 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KIMA-TV.html  ##  KIMA-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSBS-TV.html  ##  WSBS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sportdigital.html  ##  Sportdigital
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KLTL-TV.html  ##  KLTL-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSMV-TV.html  ##  WSMV-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ie/TV-3.html  ##  TV 3
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Live-HD-Australia.html  ##  MTV Live HD Australia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nickelodeon-4Teen.html  ##  Nickelodeon 4Teen
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Golf.html  ##  Viasat Golf
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/SportsNet-Pacific.html  ##  SportsNet Pacific
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Rede-Vida.html  ##  Rede Vida
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBA-League-Pass-11.html  ##  NBA League Pass 11
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Kids-Brasil.html  ##  Discovery Kids Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NESN-Connecticut.html  ##  NESN Connecticut
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/TNT-Polska.html  ##  TNT Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDSM-TV.html  ##  KDSM-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WOWT-TV.html  ##  WOWT-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WCPX-TV.html  ##  WCPX-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/HBO-Family-West.html  ##  HBO Family West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/au/Main-Event.html  ##  Main Event
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/es/La-Sexta.html  ##  La Sexta
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KUCW-TV.html  ##  KUCW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Movies-Premium--1.html  ##  Fox Movies Premium +1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/se/Viasat-Jalkapallo.html  ##  Viasat Jalkapallo
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/jp/Sukachan-1.html  ##  Sukachan 1
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Universal-Channel-Brasil.html  ##  Universal Channel Brasil
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/History-Middle-East.html  ##  History Middle East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WHYY-TV.html  ##  WHYY-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KRXI-TV.html  ##  KRXI-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KING-TV.html  ##  KING-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Sky-News-Ireland.html  ##  Sky News Ireland
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Discovery-Channel-Japan.html  ##  Discovery Channel Japan
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cn/CCTV-9-Documentary.html  ##  CCTV 9 Documentary
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/KNN.html  ##  KNN
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/cl/La-Red.html  ##  La Red
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Red-by-HBO.html  ##  Red by HBO
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Action.html  ##  Action
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/at/ORF-2-Steiermark.html  ##  ORF 2 Steiermark
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WSJX-LP-WVXF-DT-2.html  ##  WSJX-LP/WVXF-DT 2
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/DTX-Polska.html  ##  DTX Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/Z-Tele.html  ##  Z TÃ©lÃ©
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/MTV-Italia.html  ##  MTV Italia
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KDCU-DT.html  ##  KDCU-DT
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Syfy-UK.html  ##  Syfy UK
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Oxygen-West.html  ##  Oxygen West
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Action-Movies.html  ##  Fox Action Movies
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Hustler-HD-Europe.html  ##  Hustler HD Europe
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/UniMas-Mountain.html  ##  UniMÃ¡s Mountain
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/kr/GS-My-Shop.html  ##  GS My Shop
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/uk/Eleven-Sports-Polska.html  ##  Eleven Sports Polska
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-1-Oeste.html  ##  Fox 1 Oeste
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/--/24B.html  ##  24B
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/KTNW-TV.html  ##  KTNW-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ch/IConcerts.html  ##  IConcerts
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/Motors-TV-North-America.html  ##  Motors TV North America
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WKYC-TV.html  ##  WKYC-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ca/The-Movie-Network-1-East.html  ##  The Movie Network 1 East
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Fox-Mexico.html  ##  Fox MÃ©xico
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/ru/Dom-Kino-Premium.html  ##  Dom Kino Premium
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/NBC-Universo-Este.html  ##  NBC Universo Este
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/WFSG-TV.html  ##  WFSG-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/fr/OCS-geants.html  ##  OCS geants
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Zee-TV-India.html  ##  Zee TV India
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Sports-Alternate.html  ##  Sports Alternate
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/de/Sky-Sport-Bundesliga-UHD.html  ##  Sky Sport Bundesliga UHD
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/br/Band-Nacional.html  ##  Band Nacional
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/Star-Pravah.html  ##  Star Pravah
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/Nature-Relaxation.html  ##  Nature Relaxation
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/us/XHAS-TV.html  ##  XHAS-TV
http://www.lyngsat.com/tvchannels/in/D2h-Cinema.html  ##  D2h Cinema
